

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-13-001595
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130401
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			American Lorain CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001117057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				870430320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34449
		FILM NUMBER:		13730723
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BEIHUAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		JUNAN COUNTY
		CITY:			SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			276600
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 539-7317959
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BEIHUAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		JUNAN COUNTY
		CITY:			SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			276600
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070806
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Lorain CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070801
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MILLENNIUM QUEST INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000622









   






 D.C. 20549



SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
December 31
 2012 

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    

    
(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
    

    
    
Junan County

Shandong
 People&#146;s Republic of China
 276600
  
(Registrant&#146;s
telephone number
Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
Name of each exchange on which registered
      

Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share 
    



seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

[_]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No [X] 

file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

[_]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No [X] 




reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

[_] 

electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such file). 


pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be
contained
 to the best of registrant&#146; s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K.




accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148;
&#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one): 

[_]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Accelerated filer
[_]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Non-accelerated filer
[_]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Smaller reporting company [X]

company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

[_]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No [X] 

held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant&#146;s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter were 18
414
548 and $20
256
003
respectively. 

616
 714 shares of common stock outstanding as of
March 31
 2013. 









style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    


&#148; &#147;us&#148; and &#147;our&#148; refer to the combined business of
      ALN
 ILH and their direct and indirect Chinese operating subsidiaries.
    

    
    


 a Nevada
      corporation (formerly known as Millennium Quest
 Inc.). 

    
    


 Inc.
 a
      Cayman Islands company that is wholly - owned by ALN. 

    
    


      Ltd. 

    
    


      Ltd. 

    
    


      Ltd. 

    
    


      Ltd. 

    
    


      Ltd. 

    
    


      Co.
 Ltd. 

    
    


 the legal currency of China.
      

    
    


&#148; &#147;$&#148; and &#147;US$&#148; refer to the legal currency
      of the United States. 

    
    


      China. 


in Shandong Province
 China. We develop
 manufacture and sell the following
types of food products: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    


 

    
    


 or RTC
      foods
 ready-to-eat
 or RTE
 foods and meals ready-to-eat
 or MRE); and
      

    
    

      

sold in domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries and regions
such as Japan
 Korea and Europe. We derive most of our revenues from sales in
China
 Japan and South Korea. In 2013
 our primary strategy is to continue
building our brand recognition in China through consistent marketing efforts
towards supermarkets
 wholesalers
 and significant customers
 enhancing the
cooperation with other manufacturers and factories and enhancing the turnover
for our existing chestnut
 convenience and frozen food products. In addition
 we
are working to expand our marketing efforts in Asia
 Europe
 and the Middle
East. We currently have limited sales and marketing activity in the United
States
 although our long-term plan is to significantly expand our activities
there. 


4
 1986 and was formerly known as Millennium Quest
 Inc. Prior to May 3
 2007
when ALN completed a recapitalization
 or reverse merger
 with ILH
 ALN did not
engage in active business operations other than to search for a potential
acquisition target. Effective November 12
 2009
 ALN reincorporated in Nevada
from Delaware. 

subsidiaries
 Luotian Lorain and Junan Hongrun
 directly. Junan Hongrun
 in
turn
 wholly owns Dongguan Lorain. In addition
 together with Junan Hongrun
 ILH
wholly owns Beijing Lorain
 Shandong Greenpia
 and owns approximately 80% of
Shandong Lorain (Shandong Economic Development Investment Co. Ltd. owns
approximately 20%). We sometimes refer to our six Chinese operating subsidiaries
throughout this annual report on Form 10-K as the Lorain Group Companies. Below
is an organizational chart of ALN
 ILH and the Lorain Group Companies: 










style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    

 

    
    

 and
  

    
    

  

 including 7 new products in
the chestnut
 convenience and frozen foods segment. We also discontinued 27
products in 2012 in the convenience segment due to slow sales. 

profit centers in 2012. Our convenience foods segment has been the fastest
growing portion of our business and was one of the main catalysts of our growth
during 2012. We are also experiencing stronger sales for our frozen food
products due to demand in both domestic and abroad. Frozen food products
accounted for 14.6% of our revenues in 2012 as compared with 14.1% in 2011. 


manufacturer in China. We have developed brand equity for our chestnut products
in China
 Japan and South Korea over the past 10 to 15 years. We produced 58
high value-added processed chestnut products in 2012. In 2012 and 2011
 this
segment contributed 52.2% and 51.7% of our total revenues
 respectively. 

open-bottom chestnuts
 which are chestnuts packaged with nitrogen; sweetheart
chestnuts
 which are sweet preserved chestnuts; chestnuts in syrup
 which are
very popular in Japan and South Korea; and golden chestnut kernels. The majority
of our chestnut products are natural and do not contain chemical additives. 

 in contrast to many other tree nuts
 contains
small quantities of oil and is very high in complex carbohydrates. This makes
them useful for a wider food range than other common nuts. Chestnuts are
commonly steamed
 boiled
 sugar stir-fried
 roasted or added into dishes or
desserts as an ingredient. 





 followed
by South Korea and Japan. In recent years
 the chestnut production in South
Korea and Japan has declined. This has been attributed to the increasing labor
costs and operational costs incurred in growing chestnuts. Because of the
declining domestic production
 South Korean and Japanese customers have grown to
rely more on imported chestnut products. Our strategy is to take advantage of
these trends. 

 size
and method of packaging. For instance
 some of our chestnut products that are
sold in Japan are packaged in plastic bags or tin cans
 each considered a
different product. Similarly
 some of our chestnut products are processed with
hot water or cold water
 each considered a different product. 

purchase and produce raw chestnuts during these months and store them in our
refrigerated storage facilities throughout the year. Once we obtain a purchase
order during the rest of the year
 we remove the chestnuts from storage
 process
them and ship them within one day of production. 




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    

 or RTC
 food
      products
 

    
    

 or RTE
 food
      products and 

    
    

 or MRE
 food
      products. 

customers for safe
 wholesome and tasty foods that are easily prepared. 

Typically
 when preparing a RTC
 customers need only to heat the food in a
microwave or boil it for several minutes before eating. Our best selling RTCs in
2012 were French fries. 

in 2012 were various bean products and pickle products. 

kits
 such as microwavable rice boxes. Our self heating MREs are primarily for
military use since no cooking device or other ingredients are needed other than
water. We also introduced microwavable MREs for civilian uses such as camping
traveling and other occasions since only simple preparation and a cooking device
such as a microwave oven is required. 

 the best
sellers of which were our pork with garlic sauce over rice and kungpao chicken
with rice in 2012. Many of our convenience products are natural and do not
contain chemical additives. 

 including 5
new products such as boiled vegetables. In 2012 and 2011
 this segment
contributed 33.2% and 34.2%
 respectively
 of our total revenues. 

portion of our business and was one of the main catalysts of our growth during
2012. We expect our convenience foods segment to continue to be an important
area of growth for our business in the future. 


 mostly frozen vegetables
and frozen fruits. We produced 62 frozen food products in 2012. Our best selling
frozen foods in 2012 were frozen asparagus and frozen corn. 

production seasonality of chestnut products and to increase the utilization rate
of our production capacity. We are seeing steady increase in sales of our frozen
food segment due to demands from both domestic and international markets. The
percentage weight frozen foods accounted for in our total revenue increased from
14.1% in 2011 to 14.6% in 2012. Gross margins in this segment are lower than the
margins for chestnut products and convenience foods. 







China
 three of which are located in Junan County
 Shandong Province
 one in
Luotian County
 Hubei Province
 one in Miyun County
 Beijing City and one leased
facility in Dongguan
 Guandong Province. The following table indicates the year
that operations commenced at each of the facilities and the size of the
facilities. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

865 

    
    

392 

    
    

000 

    
    

558 

    
    

250 

    
    

179 


lines. Each production line is used to produce between 10 and 50 products. We
currently run three types of product lines: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    


 which are used to freeze raw
      materials for year-round production and to produce frozen food; 

    
    


 which are used to produce canned products
      including chestnut products; and 

    
    


 which are used for producing
      RTCs
 RTEs and MREs
 all of which have nitrogen preservation capacity.
    

involves sorting and cleaning the raw chestnuts purchased during the chestnut
season. We then store the raw chestnuts in our refrigerated storage facilities
throughout the year. Once we obtain a purchase order
 we remove the chestnuts
from storage and process them by steaming
 decladding and deep-freezing the
chestnuts
 depending on the particular product. We then package and ship the
processed chestnuts within one day of production. 

involves various steps
 including soaking
 boiling
 coating
 drying
 deep
freezing
 packing
 sealing and sterilizing. 

lines
 the types of products produced and the production capacity at each
facility: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    

    
3 Convenience food
      lines 

 frozen foods
 beans
      
44
000
      tons of production capacity and 
900 tons of cold and frozen storage
    

    
1 Convenience food
      line 

 convenience 
      

 Multi-purpose production lines with
      
000 tons of production capacity and 
500 tons of cold and
      frozen storage 

    
1 Deep-freezing
      line 

 frozen foods 
34
000
      tons of production capacity and 
650 tons of cold and frozen storage
    

    
2 Deep-freezing
      lines 

 convenience foods
      
24
000
      tons of production capacity and 
500 tons of cold and frozen storage
    

    
    
    
3
000
      tons of production capacity and 
250 tons of cold and frozen storage
    

    
    
Chestnut products
 convenience foods

9
000
      tons of production capacity and 
500 tons of cold and frozen storage
    





facilities to take advantage of efficiencies in the transportation of required
raw materials. For example
 Junan Hongrun and Shandong Lorain
 which manufacture
primarily chestnut and frozen products
 are located in Shandong Province
 which
is China&#146;s largest supplier of fresh products by volume. Shandong Province is
also a major chestnut producing region. 

meet the standards and requirements of our largest customers in Japan and
Europe
 with Japan being our largest export market. We employ advanced methods
of quality control and have obtained various certifications for many of our
products
 packages and processes
 including ISO 9000 or ISO 9001 certification
for certain of our chestnut and frozen vegetable products
 BRC certification for
certain of our frozen fruit and vegetable products and HACCP certification for
certain of our frozen vegetable
 fruit and chestnut products and our bottom-open
chestnuts. We believe that our quality controls and standards of products
distinguish us from other manufacturers in both domestic and international
markets. 

 we operate our production lines year
round. In the past
 when our production was focused almost exclusively on
chestnuts
 we experienced seasonal underutilization of our product lines.
However
 our current facilities have multiple-function designs allowing us to
use our production lines for our convenience and frozen products when we are not
producing chestnuts at full capacity. Consequently
 as we have increased our
processed and convenience food offerings over the last several years
 we have
generally been able to run our production lines at increasing efficiency. 

 most of our processed and convenience foods were
produced at our Beijing Lorain plant. With the introduction of bean products in
2009
 we expanded our facility in Junan Hongrun with the addition of three
convenience food production lines designed specifically for bean products with
current annual capacity of 13
500 metric tons. 

of production. We anticipate
 however
 that we may require additional facilities
and/or product lines as our business grows. We are exploring the possibility of
alliances with one or more OEM partners for the production
 in the short-term
of some of our convenience food products and frozen products should our
facilities be inadequate to meet increasing demand. We are also exploring the
possibility of leasing additional production lines to expand our production
capacity. In 2008
 we leased two convenience foods production lines in Dongguan
Guangdong Province
 which increased production capacity by approximately 3
000
metric tons per year to meet our short-term needs. We did not lease any
production facility during 2012. Given the relatively low cost to lease
 we may
decide to lease additional facilities in 2013
 should circumstances require. In
the long-term
 we plan to increase our own production capacity by acquiring or
building new facilities
 subject to the availability of adequate sources of
funding. 


element of our business. Our raw materials and partially finished products need
to be preserved in frozen storages (-18&#186;C to -20&#186;C) or constant temperature
storages (-5&#186;C to 5&#186;C). Storage is particularly critical for our chestnut
products because chestnuts are a seasonal fruit. 

the type and capacity of our storage resources: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

100 

    
    
    

800 

    
    
    

000 

    
    
    

500 

    
    
    

850 

    
    
    

800 

    
    
    

500 

    
    
    

000 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

450 

    
    
    

500 

    
    
    

300 





 we have also
expanded our storage capacity. All of the listed storage facilities are owned by
us. In 2009
 we expanded our storage capacity in Junan Hongrun by an additional
3
600 metric tons. In 2010
 we also expanded storage facility in Dongguan by
1
000 metric tons and
 through our acquisition of Shandong Greenpia
 we have
added four additional storage units with an aggregate capacity of 1
500 metric
tons. We also added 13
500 metric tons of cold storage at the Junan Hongrun
facility during 2011. We did not add our storage capacity during 2012. We may
build or lease additional storage facilities from time to time should
circumstance require. 


supply ourselves with a small portion of chestnut
 fruit and vegetable products.
For the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the supplies coming from
agricultural operations have been immaterial. We believe
 however
 that
development of agricultural facilities is a good strategy for the long-term. We
anticipate that self grown agricultural products and agricultural products grown
in cooperation with local farmers will enable us to assure adequacy of supply
promote quality and reduce cost
 particularly for our high margin offerings. For
example
 by growing Korean cultivar chestnuts domestically
 we expect to
significantly reduce our supply costs for this premium product
 while ensuring
superior quality. 

products are shown in the following table. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    

    
    
    


      Japanese

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

most vegetables and fruits
 chestnut trees have a 3-5 year growing phase before
they can be harvested. Our current chestnut planting base has been
self-supplying limited quantities of chestnuts to our production since 2007.


apricots
 pears and blackberries in 2009 in Beijing. We use these fruits in some
of our frozen fruit products. We plan to continue to expand our agricultural
operations over the next few years. Among other things
 we plan to increase our
self-production in China of Korean cultivar chestnuts. We expect to obtain
funding for this expansion through a combination of commercial and government
loans
 including loans under Chinese government programs to promote agricultural
industrialization. There is no assurance
 however
 that adequate funding for
these purposes will be available to us. 


 approximately 86% and 88% of our procured raw
materials
 respectively
 consisted of agricultural products
 including primarily
chestnuts and vegetables
 approximately 7% and 7%
 respectively
 consisted of
packaging materials and approximately 7% and 5% consisted of condiments such as
sugar
 salt and flour. 






agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 red meat
 fish
 eggs
rice and flour. Because of the diversity of available sources of these raw
materials
 we believe that our raw materials are currently in adequate supply
and will continue to be so in the future. 

domestic procurement (excluding self-supply)
 overseas markets
 and self-supply.
Domestic and overseas procurement accounted 96.4% and 3.4%
 respectively
 of our
total raw material costs in 2012
 with self-supply accounted for less than 1%.
We obtained substantially all of our agricultural raw materials from domestic
sources during 2012. 

 respectively
 we procured approximately
62
934 and 64
851 metric tons of chestnuts and approximately 72
254 and 54
827
metric tons of vegetables and other raw materials from a number of third party
suppliers
 domestic and overseas
 and produced approximately 160 and 258 metric
tons of chestnuts from our own agricultural operations. 

typically rely on numerous domestic and international suppliers
 including some
with whom we have a long-term relationship. Our top 10 suppliers accounted for
34.1% and 17.9%
 respectively
 of the total procurement in 2012 and 2011 in
value terms. We purchase from suppliers and farmers pursuant to supply contracts
and underlying purchase orders. We have not entered into any long-term contracts
with any of our suppliers. 

companies
 agricultural associations and distributors. Some raw materials must
be imported at higher costs
 however. Occasionally
 we also work directly with
farmers. For instance
 we operate an initiative which involves a series of
cooperation and lease agreements between Shandong Lorain
 Beijing Lorain and
local farmers. This initiative involves approximately 1
000 acres of land which
is used primarily to produce Japanese and Korean style chestnuts
 sticky corn
and pumpkins for our operations. 


 we have built our facilities near
domestic sources of agricultural raw materials. For example
 Junan Hongrun and
Shandong Lorain are located in Shandong Province
 which is China&#146;s largest
supplier of fresh products by volume. Shandong Province is also a major chestnut
producing region. Local procurement reduces our costs
 especially transportation
costs. It also gives us first-hand harvest and market information
 which
provides us with an advantage in price negotiations with suppliers. 

discussed
 we have begun to develop our agricultural capabilities in order to
control costs
 particularly with respect to imported raw materials such as
Korean-style chestnuts. 

factors
 such as weather conditions and commodity market fluctuations
 which are
beyond our control. We obtain contemporaneous information on local harvests and
collect daily reported price information on harvests in other markets from which
we procure our products. We also attempt to predict harvest yields in advance
based on our information gathering. We use this harvest information to negotiate
best pricing with our suppliers. 

season
 our internal procurement function may visit our sources of supply to
assure that the products we are purchasing comply with our standards. 


to foreign countries and regions such as Japan
 Korea and Europe. In 2012 and
2011
 approximately 71.3 and 73.7%
 respectively
 of our sales were made
domestically and approximately 28.7% and 26.3%
 respectively
 were to
international customers
 primarily Japan and South Korea. Our top ten customers
contributed 15.4% and 15.5% of our total revenues in 2012 and 2011. 


 we sell our products through our own sales team and
through third-party distributors. We have 36 sales offices in 21 provinces in
China. In 2012 and 2011
 we sold approximately 95.2% and 88%
 respectively
 of
our products directly to our Chinese customers and approximately 4.8% and 12%
through third-party distributors. 





including Beijing
 Shanghai
 Tianjin and Guangzhou
 through our own sales team
in order to capture the profit margin that would otherwise go to intermediate
wholesalers and to enhance our brand recognition. Our sales team sells our
products directly to supermarket chains
 mass merchandisers
 large wholesalers
and others in these markets. In second-tier and third-tier cities
 we currently
sell our products to third-party distributors
 such as food companies or trading
companies with established distribution channels in such regions
 rather than
through our own sales team
 in order to enable us to penetrate such markets more
quickly without spending significant capital. We also sell to small customers
through independent sales representatives. 

 our direct sales customers are required to pay us on
30 to 60 day credit terms. Third-party distributors
 however
 generally do not
pay on credit
 allowing us to obtain quicker payment terms and thereby decrease
our accounts receivables. 

distributors provide that we are responsible for transportation costs and the
distributors are responsible for storage costs. Furthermore
 the distributors
have the right to return products that fail to satisfy specified quality
standards
 at our cost. The majority of such contracts require the distributors
to pay us in cash in full upon delivery
 and the remaining contracts provide for
short-term credit
 usually two to three weeks. In addition
 we typically offer
distributors performance-based incentives
 such as a cash bonus equal to 1% of
total revenues generated by such distributor which exceed previously established
sales targets. 

party distributors in order to access new markets in China in a cost efficient
manner and to improve our cash position. Such plans are subject to our ability
to restructure the sales force and manage the increased number of distributors
without compromising our profit margins. 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    


 primarily Japan
 South Korea and Malaysia
      but also Singapore
 Philippines
 and Australia; 

    
    


 primarily Belgium and the United Kingdom
 but
      also France
 Germany
 the Netherlands
 Spain
 Poland
 and Denmark
  

    
    


 primarily Saudi Arabia and Israel;
    

    
    


 including the United States and Canada
    

respectively
 approximately 94.2% and 93.8% of our international sales were in
Asia and approximately 5.5% and 5.7% were in Europe. 

export and trading agents and companies in China
 as well as our own sales team
located in China. Our sales team sells directly to wholesalers
 food processors
and mass merchandisers. Many of our customers are well known in their local food
market. We have established long-term relationships with many international
customers
 especially in Japan and South Korea. We currently have no sales
offices outside of China and do not use alternative methods to sell our products
outside of China. We attend trade shows in Europe and other international
markets in order to promote our products. 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    


    

    
    


  

    
    

      

    
    


      exhibitions and trade conferences. 

advertising in the past
 and our advertising budget continues to be limited. In
2012 our marketing and branding efforts included supermarket advertising and
internet advertising. We intend to increase our advertising and branding efforts
given the consumer nature for many of our products. For the near future
 our
marketing efforts will continue to focus primarily on the domestic Chinese
market for our chestnut and convenience food products. 






 both globally and in China.
We do not have a significant market share in any of our business segments. 


uniqueness of our products
 quality
 price and brand recognition. We also
utilize our proprietary
 patented and patent-pending technology in the
production of our chestnut products to our competitive advantage. 

Our principal competitors in the chestnut product market are currently Hebei
Liyuan
 a Chinese company
 and Foodwell Corporation
 a South Korean company.



mostly upon quality and product variety. We attempt to use our modern food
processing technology
 such as nitrogen preservation
 to produce a wide variety
of high quality convenience foods. 

we do not face competitive pressure from any particular competitor or small
group of competitors. 


 competition is based
primarily upon quality
 ability to provide a reliable product supply and
customer relationships. 

are currently Weifang Langdong Food Co. Ltd.
 Yuyao Hongji Food Co. Ltd. and
Yantai Pengshun Food Co. Ltd.
 all of which are located in China. 


both domestically and internationally. 

China
 Japan and South Korea over the past 10 to 15 years. Our customers are
willing to pay a premium for some of our chestnut products because of our brand
equity. In addition
 we believe that we have a strong distribution channel for
our products in the markets in which we currently operate. 

greater selection and a more reliable supply than many of our competitors
 which
is especially important for our supermarket chain and large wholesaler
customers. We produced 58 chestnut products in 2012. We believe that we are the
sole provider of certain bottom-open chestnut and sweetheart chestnut products
in China. 

companies. We believe that we have a lower labor cost structure and a more
abundant labor supply than many of our international competitors. 

seek to locate our production facilities in close proximity to our main domestic
sources of raw materials supply to reduce transportation costs and give us
first-hand knowledge of market factors affecting our cost of raw material
supply. Our agricultural self-supply program
 while modest at present
 is
expected to grow and to become a significant element of our cost containment
efforts. 

formulation and manufacturing processes to create high quality products.
Nitrogen preservation in particular
 used in the production of convenience
foods
 is an innovative technology which has not been widely applied in China.


 we submitted an application for patent protection in
the PRC for two of our technologies which support the production of our chestnut
and convenience food products
 with one successful patent grant and one denial.
During 2009 and 2010
 we submitted four additional patent applications
 with
three successful patent grants and one remaining under review. (See
&#147;Intellectual Property&#148; below.) We believe that our technology gives us an
advantage over our Chinese competitors
 allowing us to produce chestnut and
convenience food products that are superior in quality and to offer more
products varieties. 

our competitiveness. We maintain high food safety standards
 in order to satisfy
both domestic and international requirements. We regularly test our products for
quality and compliance with standards. 








  sold in China. 


support our chestnut and convenience food production: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    


      expensive
 and yields greater profit margins than our other chestnut
      products. Our proprietary technology relates to the process for evenly
      distributing throughout the chestnuts the syrup used to preserve the
      chestnuts. This technology enhances the texture of the chestnuts
      preserves the natural form of the chestnuts and promotes the stability and
      uniformity of the chestnuts&#146; sweetness. In 2008
 our patent application
      for this technology was approved by the State Intellectual Property Office
      of the PRC and is protected by PRC patent law for 20 years. We expect this
      technology to contribute to the growth of our sales of sweetheart
      chestnuts
 which had been increasing at an annual rate of 25% to 30% over
      the past several years. 
  
    
    

      

    
    


 typically
      consisting of boiled eggs
 daikon radish
 konnyaku and processed fish
      cakes stewed in a light
 soy-flavored dashi broth. Our technology relates
      to the process used to control the sterilization of the packaging for oden
      eggs. Our technology enables us to deliver convenience food products with
      unique freshness and authentic taste. This technology has been an
      important factor in expanding the market for our convenience foods
      products
 particularly in Japan. Our patent application for this product
      was approved by the State Intellectual Property Office in February 2009.
      
  
    
    

      

    
    


      shopping malls and supermarkets. It consists of the refrigerator cabinet
      which keeps the temperature low
 and the exhibition cabinet
 which sits
      above the refrigerator cabinet and with glass covers. The exhibition
      counter is intended for convenience observation and better preservation
      for the pickle vegetables. Our patent for this device was granted in April
      2009. 
  
    
    

      

    
    


      innovative chestnut roasting device
 which overcomes shortcomings of
      traditional roasters such as low efficiency and uneven heating. It is a
      sealed cylinder device and also equipped with thermometer and manometer to
      gauge the temperature and pressure inside the roaster. This new roasting
      device is also energy efficient and environmentally friendly. Our patent
      application for this device was approved by the State Intellectual
      Property Office in July 2011
 and protected by PRC patent law for 10
      years. 

Intellectual Property Office of the PRC during 2012
 including the preparation
of aerated snack beans and frozen bottom open chestnuts. The patent
application for the device and the preparation procedure for chestnut roasting
within a high pressure cylinder device we submitted during 2010 is still pending
review. The approval for patents can typically takes 3 to 4 years. We also
submitted one additional patent application during 2012 for the preservation
storage and processing procedures for chestnuts
 which is also currently under
review. 

and trade secrets
 such as limiting disclosure of proprietary plans
 methods and
the like on a need-to-know basis and requiring employees with access to our
proprietary technology to enter into confidentiality arrangements. We believe
that our proprietary technology and trade secrets are adequately protected. 


 2012
 we had a total of 2
005 full-time
employees and 460 part-time employees. 780 of our full-time employees are
directly employed by our subsidiary companies and the remaining employees are
employed by Linyi Zhifu Labor Service Company
 an outside company that leases
employees to us to meet our staffing needs. As required by Chinese law
 all
employees are party to a written employment contract. We compensate the
employees leased from Linyi Zhifu directly and pay Linyi Zhifu a service fee.
Linyi Zhifu is responsible for the pension and social insurance benefits of the
leased employees
 as described below. 

both direct and leased
 by job function. 






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    

    


  
    
    

    

048 

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
2
465
  

employees is good. We have not experienced any significant problems or
disruption to our operations due to labor disputes
 nor have we experienced any
difficulties in recruitment and retention of experienced staff. 

department for the purpose of advancing employee welfare
 encouraging employee
participation in decision making and enhancing relations among employees and
between employees and our management team. 

(piece work) and compensate other employees with a base salary and bonus based
on performance. We also provide training for our staff from time to time to
enhance their technical and product knowledge
 including knowledge of industry
quality standards. 

organized by Chinese municipal and provincial governments. We were required to
contribute to the scheme on behalf of our direct employees at a rate of 24% of
the average monthly salary for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011. In
addition
 we are required by Chinese law to cover our employees with various
types of social insurance. We made contributions to the social insurance scheme
on behalf of our direct employees at a rate of 4% of the average monthly salary
for each employee for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011
 and 2010. As
indicated above
 Linyi Zhifu is responsible for contributions on behalf of the
leased employees. 


objectives: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    

      quality; 

    
    

    

    
    

      development of new products. 

facilities. In total
 40 employees are dedicated to research and development.


modification and development of our products. We also utilize customer feedback
to assist us in the development of new products. Over the past several years
 on
average
 we added 10 to 20 new varieties to our product portfolio each year. In
2012
 we added 7 new products
 most in our convenience and frozen foods segment.
In 2012
 we discontinued 27 products in the convenience food segment primarily
due to slow sales. 

during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was not a material portion of
our total expenses for those years. 


 we are
subject to regulations of China&#146;s Agricultural Ministry. This regulatory scheme
governs the manufacture (including composition and ingredients)
 labeling
packaging and safety of food. It also regulates manufacturing practices
including quality assurance programs
 for foods through its current goods
manufacturing practices regulations
 and specifies the standards of identity for
certain foods
 including the products sold by us
 and prescribes the format and
content of many of the products sold by us
 the format and content of certain
nutritional information required to appear on food products labels and approves
and regulates claims of health benefits of food products. 





production of certain categories of products
 including chestnuts
 frozen
vegetables and fruits
 fish
 and canned products. Production of new products
that do not fall into approved categories of products would require separate
approval from the appropriate Chinese authorities. We have consistently obtained
such approvals for our newly developed products in the past and do not
anticipate any difficulties in obtaining new approvals in the future if needed.


 we are required to obtain governmental approval
and to register with the State Administration for Industry and Commerce
 in
order to open a new facility in China. We have consistently obtained such
approvals
 and made such registrations
 for our new facilities in the past and
do not anticipate any difficulties in filing new registrations and obtaining new
approvals in the future if needed. 

for Export (for Trial Implementation)
 unless an exporter&#146;s products are
exempted from inspection
 products must be inspected in accordance with the Law
of the PRC on Import and Export Commodity Inspection. We have not been exempted
from inspection. In the past
 we were authorized by the relevant authorities to
conduct self-inspection of certain of our export products. However
 currently
the relevant authorities have imposed tighter food safety control in China
 and
as a result
 all of our exported food products must be inspected by qualifying
government agencies. We believe that all of our exported products are currently
in compliance with such requirements and we do not anticipate any difficulties
in complying with such rules in the future. 

 we are required to obtain a license from the local
branch of the Entry-Exit Inspection and Quarantine Bureau of China for our
exported products. We have consistently obtained such licenses in the past and
we do not anticipate any difficulties in obtaining such licenses in the future.



From time to time
 information provided by us
 including but
not limited to statements in this report
 or other statements made by or on our
behalf
 may contain &#147;forward-looking&#148; information within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve a
number of risks
 uncertainties
 and contingencies
 many of which are beyond our
control
 which may cause actual results
 performance
 or achievements to differ
materially from those anticipated. Set forth below are important factors that
could cause our results
 performance
 or achievements to differ materially from
those in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. 

We may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of high
quality raw materials. 

agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 fruits
 red meat
 fish
eggs
 rice
 flour and packaging products. During 2012
 the cost of our raw
materials increased from $127
798
200 to $145
460
250 for an increase of
approximately 13.8%. We may have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw
materials and expand our own agricultural operations in the future to meet
growing production demands. Despite our efforts to control our supply of raw
materials and maintain good relationships with our suppliers
 we could lose one
or more of our suppliers at any time. The loss of several suppliers may be
difficult to replace and could increase our reliance on higher cost or lower
quality suppliers
 which could negatively affect our profitability. In addition
if we have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw materials in the
future to meet growing production demands
 we may not be able to locate new
suppliers who could provide us with sufficient materials to meet our needs. Any
interruptions to
 or decline in
 the amount or quality of our raw materials
supply could materially disrupt our production and adversely affect our business
and financial condition and financial prospects. 
The prices that we have paid for our raw materials
recently have experienced significant fluctuation. If these price fluctuations
continue
 our profit margins may be materially adversely affected. 

was approximately $1
433 per metric ton and $1
071 per metric ton
 respectively
excluding value added taxes. We do not currently hedge against changes in our
raw material prices. Consequently
 if the costs of our raw materials increase
further
 and we are unable to offset these increases by raising the prices of
our products
 our profit margins and financial condition could be adversely
affected. 




Price inflation in China could affect our results of
operation if we are unable to pass along raw material price increases to our
customers. 

years. Because we purchase raw materials from suppliers in China
 price
inflation directly causes an increase in the cost of our raw materials. Price
inflation could affect our results of operation if we are unable to pass along
raw material price increases to customers. In addition
 if inflationary trends
continue in China
 China could lose its competitive advantage as a low-cost
manufacturing venue
 which could in turn lessen some of the competitive
advantages of our being based in China. Accordingly
 inflation in China may
weaken our competitiveness domestically or in international markets. 
Our sales and reputation may be affected by product
liability claims
 litigation or
 product recalls in relation to our products.


risk of injury to consumers. We face risks associated with product liability
claims
 litigation
 or product recalls
 if our products cause injury or become
adulterated or misbranded. Our products are subject to product tampering and
contamination
 such as mold
 bacteria
 insects
 shell fragments and off-flavor
contamination
 during any of the procurement
 production
 transportation and
storage processes. If any of our products were to be tampered with
 or become
tainted in any of these respects
 and we were unable to detect this
 our
products could be subject to product liability claims or product recalls. Our
ability to sell products could be reduced if certain pesticides
 herbicides or
other chemicals used by growers have left harmful residues on portions of our
raw materials or if our raw materials have been contaminated by other agents.


experienced product liability claims that were made by our customers. The
amounts of such claims were immaterial. However
 claims of product defect or
product liability for material amounts
 individually or in the aggregate
 may be
made in the future. 

insurance policy for our business
 as the insurance industry in China is still
in an early stage of development. To the extent that we suffer a loss of a type
which would normally be covered by product liability or general liability
insurance in the United States
 we would incur significant expenses in defending
any action against us and in paying any claims that result from a settlement or
judgment against us. Product liability claims and product recalls could have a
material adverse effect on the demand for our products and on our business
goodwill and reputation. Adverse publicity could result in a loss of consumer
confidence in our products. 
We may be unable to manage future rapid growth.


increased from $27
735
833 in 2004 to $239
673
463 in 2012. The number of
product types we sold increased from approximately 100 in 2004 to approximately
234 in 2012. We intend to continue to expand the volume and variety of products
we offer
 as well as the geographical scope of our sales and production
facilities. Our business growth could place a significant strain on our
managerial
 operational and financial resources. Our ability to manage future
growth will depend on our ability to continue to implement and improve
operational
 financial and management information systems on a timely basis and
to expand
 train
 motivate and manage our workforce. Our personnel
 systems
procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future growth.
Failure to effectively manage our expansion may lead to increased costs
 a
decline in sales and reduced profitability. 
Our expansion strategy may not prove successful and could
adversely affect our existing business. 

operations
 including new production lines and agricultural operations. We plan
to expand our sales in China and internationally. We will need to engage in
various forms of promotional and marketing activities in order to further
develop the branding of our products and to increase our market share in new and
existing markets. The implementation of this strategy may involve large
transactions and present financial
 managerial and operational challenges. We
could also experience financial or other setbacks if any of our growth
strategies incur problems of which we are not presently aware. If we fail to
generate sufficient sales in new markets or increase our sales in existing
markets
 we may not be able to recover the production
 distribution
 promotional
and marketing expenses
 as well as administrative costs we have incurred in
developing such markets. 
Our results of operations could be affected by natural
events in the locations in which our customers operate. 

subject to natural disasters
 such as severe weather and geological events
which could disrupt the operations of those customers and suppliers as well as
our operations. If our customers suffer from these events
 their operations may
be negatively impacted. As a result
 some or all of those customers may reduce
their orders for our products
 which could adversely affect our revenue and
results of operations. 




The acquisition of other businesses could pose risks to
our profitability. 

proposed acquisition could result in accounting charges
 potentially dilutive
issuances of equity securities
 and increased debt and contingent liabilities
any of which could have a material adverse effect on our existing business and
the market price of our common stock. Acquisitions
 in general
 entail many
risks
 including risks relating to the failed integration of the acquired
operations
 diversion of management&#146;s attention
 and the potential loss of key
employees of the acquired organizations. We may be unable to successfully
integrate businesses or the personnel of any business that might be acquired in
the future
 and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our
business and on the market price of our common stock. 
We are subject to risks of doing business
internationally. If the international market does not grow as we expect
 our
business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Our export sales destinations include countries in Asia
 Europe
 the Middle East
and North America. Our international operations are subject to a number of
inherent risks
 including: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    


      internationally
 especially in Western countries; 

    
    


 including
      disruptions in trading markets; 

    
    


 including
      restrictions on transfers of funds and trade; 

    
    


 including export duties and quotas
      and customs tariffs; 

    
    

      

    
    


 tsunamis
 floods or other major disasters
      may limit the imported food products; and 

    
    


  

effect on our operating results. 
A significant amount of our revenues is dependent on a
limited number of customers and the loss of any one of our major customers could
materially and adversely affect our growth and our revenues. 

derived from a limited number of customers
 particularly in our chestnut
products segment. Sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately
16% and 15.4% of our total revenues in 2011 and 2012
 respectively. The loss of
any one of these customers
 or a material decrease in purchases by any one of
these customers
 could adversely impact our revenues. 
We rely primarily on distributors to sell our products.
Any delays in delivery or poor handling by our distributors or third-party
transport operators may affect our sales and damage our reputation. 

 we sold our products through over 100 distribution
service providers. The services provided could be suspended and could cause
interruption to the supply of our products to domestic or overseas customers.
Delivery disruptions may occur for various reasons beyond our control
 including
poor handling by service providers or third party transport operators
transportation bottlenecks
 natural disasters and labor strikes
 and could lead
to delayed
 damaged or lost deliveries. If our products are not delivered in a
timely manner
 our reputation could be harmed. If our products are damaged in
the process of being delivered
 we may be liable to pay for such damages
incurred. 
Failure of the market to accept our new products
 or
failure to obtain regulatory approval for our new products
 may cause us to lose
our competitive position in the food industry. 

2012. We plan to introduce approximately 10 to 20 new products in 2013. The
success of the new products we introduce depends on our ability to anticipate
the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to
their preferences. We intend to introduce new products as well as alternative
flavors
 sizes and packaging for our existing products. We may not be able to
gain market acceptance for our new products. Consumer preferences change
 and
any new products that we introduce may fail to meet the particular tastes or
requirements of consumers
 or may be unable to replace their existing
preferences. Our failure to anticipate
 identify or react to these particular
tastes or changes could result in reduced demand for our products
 which could
in turn cause us to be unable to recover our development
 production and
marketing costs. 




We are dependent on certain key personnel and loss of
these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our research and
development
 operations and revenue. 

 our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Chen
 together with other senior
management
 has been a key driver of our strategy and has been fundamental to
our achievements to date. The successful management of our business is
 to a
considerable extent
 dependent on the services of Mr. Chen and other senior
management. We compete for qualified personnel with other food processing
companies
 food retailers and research institutions. Consequently
 we may either
lose key employees to our competitors or we may need to significantly increase
the compensation of such employees in order to retain them. The loss of the
services of any key management employee or failure to recruit a suitable or
comparable replacement could have a significant impact upon our ability to
manage our business effectively
 and our business and future growth may be
adversely affected. 
We face increasing competition from domestic and foreign
companies. 

compete against other national and international enterprises is
 to a
significant extent
 dependent on our ability to distinguish our products from
those of our competitors by providing large volumes of high quality products
that appeal to consumers&#146; tastes and preferences at reasonable prices. Some of
our competitors have been in business longer than we have and are more
established. Our competitors may provide products comparable or superior to
those we provide or adapt more quickly than we do to evolving industry trends or
changing market requirements. Increased competition may result in price
reductions
 higher raw materials prices
 reduced margins and loss of market
share
 any of which could materially adversely affect our profit margins. 
An increase in the cost of energy could affect our
profitability. 

 we have experienced significant increases in energy
costs
 and energy costs could continue to rise
 which would result in higher
distribution
 freight and other operating costs. Our future operating expenses
and margins will be dependent on our ability to manage the impact of cost
increases. 
Our products are subject to counterfeiting or imitation
which could impact our reputation. 

 we have experienced limited counterfeiting and
imitation of our products. However
 counterfeiting or imitation of our products
may occur in the future and we may not be able to detect it and deal with it
effectively. Any occurrence of counterfeiting or imitation could impact
negatively upon our reputation
 particularly if the counterfeit or imitation
products cause sickness
 or injury to consumers. In addition
 counterfeit or
imitation products could result in our need to incur costs with respect to the
detection or prosecution of such activities. 
We rely on an outside contractor to provide a majority of
our labor. 

employees to our production facilities. Should Linyi Zhifu Labor Service Company
be unable to continue to provide the number of employees we need
 our production
could be disrupted. In addition
 Linyi Zhifu Labor Service Company could raise
their service fees or terminate their relationship with us in the future
 which
may result in increased production costs. 

We are subject to extensive regulations by the Chinese
government. 

Chinese government agencies. Among other things
 these regulations govern the
manufacturing
 importation
 processing
 packaging
 storage
 exportation
distribution and labeling of our products. New or amended statutes and
regulations
 increased production at our existing facilities
 and our expansion
into new operations and jurisdictions may require us to obtain new licenses and
permits and could require us to change our methods of operations at costs that
could be substantial. 
Our failure to comply with PRC environmental laws may
require us to incur significant costs. 

environmental protection laws and regulations. These laws and regulations
require enterprises engaged in manufacturing and construction that may cause
environmental waste to adopt effective measures to control such waste. In
addition
 such enterprises are required to pay fines
 or to cease operations
entirely under extreme circumstances
 should they discharge waste substances.
The Chinese government may also change the existing laws or regulations or
impose additional or stricter laws or regulations
 compliance with which may
cause us to incur significant capital expenditures
 which we may be unable to
pass on to our customers through higher prices for our products. 




Our failure to comply with PRC hygiene laws may require
us to incur significant costs. 

compliance with PRC food hygiene laws and regulations. These food hygiene laws
require all enterprises engaged in the production of chestnuts and various
vegetables and fruits to obtain a hygiene license for each of their production
facilities. Such laws also require manufacturers to comply with regulations with
respect to food
 food additives
 packaging
 and food production sites
facilities and equipment. Failure to comply with PRC food hygiene laws may
result in fines
 suspension of operations
 loss of hygiene licenses and
 in more
extreme cases
 criminal proceedings against an enterprise and its management.
The Chinese government may also change the existing laws or regulations or
impose additional or stricter laws or regulations
 compliance with which may
cause us to incur significant capital expenditures
 which we may be unable to
pass on to our customers through higher prices for our products. 

Our operations are cash intensive
 and our business could
be adversely affected if we fail to maintain sufficient levels of working
capital. 

principally to procure raw materials for our products. Many of our suppliers
including chestnut
 vegetable and fruit farmers
 and suppliers of packaging
materials
 do not allow us to pay on credit. However
 some of the suppliers with
whom we have a long-standing business relationship allow us to pay on credit. We
fund the majority of our working capital requirements out of cash flow generated
from operations. If we fail to generate sufficient sales
 or if our suppliers
stop offering us credit terms
 we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our
operating costs and our business could be adversely affected. 

requirements from the proceeds of short-term loans from Chinese banks. Our average loan balance from short-term bank loans in 2012 was approximately $34.4 million. We expect
  to continue to do so in the future. Such loans are generally secured by our
  fixed assets
 receivables and/or guarantees by third parties. The
  term of almost all such loans is one year or less. Historically
 we have rolled
  over such loans on an annual basis. However
 we may not have sufficient funds
  available to pay all of our borrowings upon maturity. Failure to roll over our
  short-term borrowings at maturity or to service our debt could result in the
  imposition of penalties
 including increases in rates of interest
 legal actions
  against us by our creditors
 or even insolvency. 

cash flows from operations and current and expected short-term bank loans will
be adequate to satisfy our liquidity requirements through 2013. However
 if
available liquidity is not sufficient to meet our operating and loan obligations
as they come due
 our plans include considering pursuing alternative financing
arrangements or further reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash
requirements. However
 there is no assurance that
 if required
 we will be able
to raise additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide the
required liquidity. Currently
 the capital markets for small capitalization
companies are difficult and banking institutions have become stringent in their
lending requirements. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure of the availability or
terms of any third party financing. 
We are subject to credit risk in respect of account
receivables. 

 some of our customers
 including some of our
large supermarket customers
 delayed their payments for up to 60 to 90 days
beyond their term. Our cash flow suffered while waiting for such payments.
Consequently
 at times we had to delay payments to our suppliers and to postpone
business expansion as a result of these delayed payments. Starting in 2008 and
through 2012
 we gradually shortened credit terms for many of our international
and domestic customers from between 30 and 180 days to between 30 and 60 days.
Our large customers may fail to meet these shortened credit terms
 in which case
we may not have sufficient cash flow to fund our operating costs and our
business could be adversely affected. 
The discontinuation of any preferential tax treatment or
other incentives currently available to us in the PRC could materially and
adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


preferential tax treatments regarding foreign enterprise income tax in
accordance with the &#147;Income Tax Law of the PRC for Enterprises with Foreign
Investment and Foreign Enterprises&#148; and related rules. 

 we have been entitled to tax concessions whereby
the profit for the first two financial years beginning with the first
profit-making year (after setting off tax losses carried forward from prior
years) is exempt from income tax in the PRC and the profit for each of the
subsequent three financial years is taxed at 50% of the prevailing tax rates set
by the relevant tax authorities. However
 on March 16
 2007
 the PRC&#146;s National
People&#146;s Congress passed a new corporate income tax law
 which became effective
on January 1
 2008. This new corporate income tax unifies the corporate income
tax rate
 cost deduction and tax incentive policies for both domestic and
foreign-invested enterprises. According to the new corporate income tax law
 the
applicable corporate income tax rate of our operating subsidiaries has been
increased to a rate of 25% over a five-year grandfather period. This tax rate
increase applies across the board
 for all enterprises whether domestic or
foreign. The PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow
enterprises that already started tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to
continue utilizing the tax holidays until fully utilized. The discontinuation of
any such special or preferential tax treatment or other incentives could have an
adverse affect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.






 under current PRC tax law
 regulations and
rulings
 dividends from our operations in China paid to us are not currently
subject to PRC income tax. If these distributions become subject to tax in the
future
 our net income would be adversely affected. 
We may enter into additional financing agreements which
may have a dilutive effect to our earnings per share and the rights of certain
stockholders. 

our earnings per share or the issuance of securities with rights superior to our
current outstanding securities. For instance
 we may grant registration rights
to investors purchasing our equity or debt securities in the future. 
We may be unable to raise additional capital.


 we
may be unable to implement our long-term business plan
 develop or enhance our
products and services
 take advantage of future opportunities or respond to
competitive pressures on a timely basis
 if at all. In addition
 a lack of
additional financing could force us to substantially curtail or cease
operations. 
We may be exposed to potential risks relating to our
internal control over financial reporting and our ability to have such controls
attested to by our independent auditors. 

 under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
adopted rules requiring public companies to provide in their annual reports on
Form 10-K a report by management with respect to the company&#146;s disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are
currently required to comply with this requirement. In addition
 such rules
require the independent registered public accounting firm auditing a company&#146;s
financial statements to attest to the operating effectiveness of such company&#146;s
internal controls. However
 because we are a smaller reporting company
 we are
not required to receive an attestation report from a registered public
accounting firm. We can provide no assurance that we will comply with all of the
requirements imposed thereby. Further
 we cannot assure that we will receive a
positive attestation from our independent auditors. Investors and others may
lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements in the event we
identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal
controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner or if we are unable to
receive a positive attestation from our independent auditors with respect to our
internal controls. 

Changes in China&#146;s political or economic situation could
harm us and our operating results. 

positive effect on the economic development of the country. However
 the Chinese
government could change these economic reforms at any time. Such changes could
negatively impact our operations and profitability. 
The structure of the Chinese economy may inhibit our
ability to expand our business. 

countries belonging to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development
 or OECD
 in several ways. For example
 state-owned enterprises
constitute a large portion of the Chinese economy. In addition
 weak corporate
governance practices and the lack of flexible currency exchange policies
continue to persist. As a result of these differences
 we may not develop in the
same way or at the same rate as might be expected if the Chinese economy were
similar to those of the OECD member countries. 
Our business is largely subject to the uncertain legal
environment in China. 

statutes. Unlike common law systems
 it is a system in which precedents set in
earlier legal cases are not generally used. Laws
 regulations and legal
requirements relating to foreign investments in China are still evolving
 and
their interpretation and enforcement involve uncertainties. These uncertainties
could limit the legal protections available to foreign investors
 such as the
right of foreign enterprises to hold required business licenses and permits.





It may be difficult for our stockholders to affect
service of process against our subsidiaries or our officers and directors.


China and substantially all of their assets are located outside the U.S. In
addition
 our executive officers and directors are residents of China and
substantially all of their assets are located outside the U.S. As a result
 it
could be difficult for our stockholders to affect service of process in the
U.S.
 or to enforce a judgment obtained in the U.S.
 against our officers and
directors. 
Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability
to receive and use our revenues effectively. 

dollars
 and any future restrictions on currency exchanges may limit our ability
to use revenue generated in Renminbi to fund any future business activities
outside China or to make dividends or other payments in U.S. dollars. Although
the Chinese government introduced regulations in 1996 to allow greater
convertibility of the Renminbi for current account transactions
 significant
restrictions still remain. For instance
 foreign enterprises may only buy
 sell
or remit foreign currencies after providing valid commercial documents at banks
in China authorized to conduct foreign exchange business. In addition
conversion of Renminbi for capital account items
 including direct investment
and loans
 is subject to governmental approval in China
 and companies are
required to open and maintain separate foreign exchange accounts for capital
account items. The Chinese regulatory authorities may impose more stringent
restrictions on the convertibility of the Renminbi in the future. 
Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating to the
establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may have
negative effects on our company. 

 the PRC State Administration of Foreign
Exchange
 or SAFE
 issued the Notice on Relevant Issues in the Foreign Exchange
Control over Financing and Return Investment Through Special Purpose Companies
by Residents Inside China
 generally referred to as Circular 75
 which required
PRC residents to register with the local SAFE branch before establishing or
acquiring control over an offshore special purpose company
 or SPV
 for the
purpose of engaging in an equity financing outside of China on the strength of
domestic PRC assets originally held by those residents. Internal implementing
guidelines issued by SAFE
 which became public in June 2007 (known as Notice
106)
 further expanded the reach of Circular 75. 

controlled by Si Chen
 our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to
Notice No. 75 and Notice 106
 if a PRC resident has completed a round-trip
investment through its established SPV but has not yet completed the required
procedures of SAFE registration for offshore investment of the SPV
 he must
retroactively register the SPV with SAFE. 

 a
Japanese individual
 Hisashi Akazawa
 was designated as a nominee holder of ILH
when ILH was established. Mr. Akazawa granted an option to our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Chen
 allowing Mr. Chen to buy 90% of Mr. Akazawa&#146;s
interest in the Company at a fixed price at a future time in accordance with the
terms of an option agreement between the two parties. On December 22
 2008
 Mr.
Chen exercised this option. In addition
 on that date
 Mr. Chen acquired all of
the remaining shares of our company held by Mr. Akazawa. As a result
 Mr. Chen
is the beneficiary of ILH and may be required to register with and obtain
approvals from SAFE or its agency in connection with respect to the direct
offshore investment activities related to the acquisition of the Lorain Group
Companies. 

beneficial owner of ILH is determined by the PRC authorities to be a serious
violation of the requirements of the PRC Company Law and the PRC Regulation of
Registration of Companies
 the Lorain Group Companies may be ordered by the
company registration authority in the PRC to make corrections on its filed
registration
 to be fined an amount no less than RMB 5
000 and no more than RMB
50
000 or
 in the worse scenario
 to have its company registration certificate
revoked or its business licenses canceled. 

 because of uncertainty over how Circular 75 will be
interpreted and implemented
 and how or whether SAFE will apply it to us
 we
cannot predict how it will affect our business operations or future strategies
such as our present and prospective PRC subsidiaries&#146; ability to conduct foreign
exchange activities including the remittance of dividends and foreign
currency-denominated borrowings. In addition
 our PRC resident beneficial
holders may be subject to compliance with Circular 75. Such holders may not be
able to complete the necessary registration procedures required by Circular 75.

Our financial condition is affected by the foreign
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Renminbi. 

rates
 primarily the rate between the U.S. dollar and the Renminbi. In the event
that the Renminbi appreciates against the U.S. dollar
 our costs will increase.






Certain of our stockholders have the ability to delay or
prevent adoption of important business decisions based on their ownership of a
significant percentage of our outstanding voting securities. 

outstanding voting securities. As a result
 he possesses significant influence
over our business. For instance
 Mr. Chen may elect our board of directors
authorize significant corporate transactions or prevent a future change in
control of our company. 
Certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation
may make it more difficult for a third party to effect a change- in-control.


directors to issue up to 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder
approval. The preferred stock may be issued in one or more series
 the terms of
which may be determined at the time of issuance by the board of directors
without further action by the stockholders. These terms may contain voting
rights
 including the right to vote as a series on particular matters
preferences as to dividends and liquidation
 conversion rights and redemption
rights provisions. The issuance of any preferred stock could diminish the rights
of holders of our common stock
 and therefore could reduce the value of such
common stock. In addition
 specific rights granted to future holders of
preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with
 or sell
assets to
 a third party. The ability of our board of directors to issue
preferred stock could make it more difficult to acquire our company and could
negatively affect the market price of our common stock. 
The exercise of outstanding warrants issuable for shares
of our common stock may cause dilution to existing shareholders. 

aggregate of 1
835
064 shares of our common stock. The term of 1
753
909 of
these warrants expire in April 2015
 the term of 501
115 of these warrants
expire in October 2012
 and the term of 81
155 of these warrants expire in
January 2014. The exercise prices of these warrants range from $2.81 to $4.25
per share
 subject to adjustment. If holders of these warrants exercise the
warrants in exchange for shares of our common stock
 such issuances may have a
dilutive effect on the stock ownership of existing shareholders and may harm the
market price of our stock. Furthermore
 if we were to attempt to obtain
additional financing during the term of these warrants
 the terms on which we
obtain such financing may be adversely affected by the existence of these
warrants. 
We do not expect to pay dividends in the future
 and any
return on your investment may be limited to the value of the shares you acquire.


our common stock as of April 16
 2007
 we have never declared or paid cash
dividends. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in
the foreseeable future and any return on your investment may be limited to the
value of the shares of our common stock that you acquire. We currently intend to
retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our
business. 




 which are owned except where otherwise
indicated
 are as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    

 Shandong
      Province



    

    

 Shandong Province



    

    

 Beijing Province



    

    

 Hubei Province



    

    

 Guangdong
      Province



    

    

 Shandong Province



    





including refrigerated storage facilities
 and smaller offices
 including sales
offices
 located in China. 

 we currently have land use rights to
 or
lease
 76 properties with approximately 344
828 square meters in the aggregate
consisting of manufacturing facilities
 office buildings and land reserved for
future expansion. We believe our current facilities provide adequate capacity
for our current and projected needs. 

companies are permitted to acquire rights to use land or land use rights for
specific purposes. In the case of land used for industrial purposes
 the land
use rights are granted for a period of up to 50 years. This period may be
renewed at the expiration of the initial and any subsequent terms. Granted land
use rights are transferable and may be used as security for borrowings and other
obligations. 


 we may have disputes that arise in the
ordinary course of our business. Currently
 there are no material legal
proceedings to which we are a party
 or to which any of our property is subject
that we expect to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
except as follows: 

8-K on October 15
 2012
 the Company announced that its Board of Directors (the
&#147;Board&#148;) has received a proposal letter from Mr. Si Chen
 Chairman
 CEO and
President of the Company
 to acquire all of the outstanding ordinary shares of
the Company not currently owned by Mr. Chen at a proposed price of $1.6 per
ordinary share
 in cash
 subject to certain conditions. Subsequently on November
9 and November 15
 2012
 respectively
 the Company was served
 through its
corporate agent
 two law suits alleging
 among other things
 that the Board has
violated its fiduciary duties in association with the proposed going private
transaction by Mr. Si Chen. The two cases which were filed in the States of
Wisconsin and Nevada
 respectively
 are described further below. 

 2012
 a putative class action was filed in
Nevada state court challenging the proposed acquisition. Calkins v. Chen
A-12-670690-C. The complaint asserted a claim against Mr. Chen for alleged
breaches of fiduciary duty in connection with the proposed transaction. Although
the complaint also listed the Company as a defendant and sought relief from the
Company
 it did not assert any claims against the Company. Among other relief
the plaintiff sought to enjoin the proposed acquisition. On February 25
 2013
the Nevada suit was voluntarily dismissed by the plaintiff. 

 2012
 another putative class action
 Paul v.
American Lorain Corporation
 12-cv-2503
 was filed in Wisconsin state court
challenging the proposed transaction. The complaint asserted claims against the
Board for alleged breaches of fiduciary duty
 and claims against the Company for
allegedly aiding and abetting those alleged breaches of fiduciary duty. This
complaint also sought to enjoin the proposed acquisition
 among other relief.
The plaintiff has served only the Company and our former independent director
Tad Ballantyne. On March 5
 2013
 plaintiff moved for a default judgment against
Mr. Ballantyne and counsel for Mr. Ballantyne has filed an opposition and a
request for additional time to respond to the complaint. Mr. Ballantyne decided
to resign from the Board to protect his personal interests as disclosed in the
Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8K/A filed with the filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on March 15
 2013. 

filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14
 2012 under
Part II
 Item 1
 Legal Proceedings
 as well as in the Company&#146;s Form 8-K/A filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15
 2013 in association
with the resignation of Mr. Ballantyne. 

 and
since a special committee of the Board is still evaluating Mr. Si Chen&#146;s going
private proposal
 there is no ground for the plaintiffs&#146; allegations. Hence
 the
Company did not take action to defend the cases. 

evaluation of Mr. Chen&#146;s going private proposal and defend vigorously any
litigation that might continue to exist or arise at that time. At this stage of
the proceedings
 we cannot predict the outcome of this litigation or whether it
will have a material effect on our results of operations
 liquidity or capital
resources. 



Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 



&#147;ALN&#148;. As of March 29
 2013 the closing price for our common stock was $1.26 per
share. 

 for the periods indicated
 the
high and low sales prices of our common stock. These prices reflect inter-dealer
prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent
actual transactions. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2012

      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      

    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2011

      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      







 2012
 there were 294 stockholders of record of
our common stock. 


payment of a dividend in April 2007 in connection with our reverse merger. Any
future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors. We
currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and
expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future. 







 2010
 we issued warrants to three service
providers. These warrants are exercisable into an aggregate of 81
155 shares of
our common stock and the warrants expire in January 2014. Based upon certain
representations made by the grantees of these warrants
 as set forth in the
warrants
 the warrants were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration
under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. 


the end of fiscal year 2012 is as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
      
options

      
    
    
    
options
      warrants
    
    
    
      
      
      
      
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

334

    
    
    
    
    

165

    





    
    




    


    
    

    
    

334

    
    
    
    
    

165

    


Item 7. MANAGEMENT&#146;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 


in Shandong Province
 China. We develop
 manufacture and sell the following
types of food products: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    


 

    
    


 or RTC
      foods
 ready-to-eat
 or RTE
 foods and meals ready-to-eat
 or MRE); and
      

    
    

      

sold in domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries and regions
such as Japan
 Korea and Europe. We believe that we are the largest chestnut
processor and manufacturer in China. We have developed brand equity for our
chestnut products in China
 Japan and South Korea over the past 10 to 15 years.
We produced 58 high value-added processed chestnut products in 2012. We derive
most of our revenues from sales in China
 Japan and South Korea. In 2013
 our
primary strategy was to continue building our brand recognition in China through
consistent marketing efforts towards supermarkets
 wholesalers
 and significant


factories
 and enhancing the turnover for our existing chestnut
 convenience and
frozen food products. In addition
 we are working to expand our marketing
efforts in Asia
 Europe and the Middle East. We currently have limited sales and
marketing activity in the United States
 although our long-term plan is to
significantly expand our activities there. 
Production Factors that Affect our Financial and
Operational Condition 

agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 fruits
 red meat
 fish
eggs
 rice
 flour and packaging products. During 2012
 the cost of our raw
materials increased from $127
798
200 to $145
460
250
 for an increase of
approximately 13.8% . We may have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw
materials and expand our own agricultural operations in the future to meet
growing production demands. Despite our efforts to control our supply of raw
materials and maintain good relationships with our suppliers
 we could lose one
or more of our suppliers at any time. The loss of several suppliers may be
difficult to replace and could increase our reliance on higher cost or lower
quality suppliers
 which could negatively affect our profitability. In addition
if we have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw materials in the
future to meet growing production demands
 we may not be able to locate new
suppliers who could provide us with sufficient materials to meet our needs. Any
interruptions to
 or decline in
 the amount or quality of our raw materials
supply could materially disrupt our production and adversely affect our business
and financial condition and financial prospects. 





was approximately $1
433 per metric ton and $1
071 per metric ton
 respectively
excluding value added taxes. In past few years
 increasing inflation pressures
weighed on the Chinese economy
 as well as on agricultural products. We do not
have effective means and do not currently hedge against changes in our raw
material prices. Consequently
 if the costs of our raw materials increase
further and we are unable to offset these increases by raising the prices of our
products
 our profit margins and financial condition could be adversely
affected. 
Uncertainties that Affect our Financial Condition


principally to procure raw materials for our products. Many of our suppliers
including chestnut
 vegetable and fruit farmers
 and suppliers of packaging
materials
 require us to pay for their supplies in cash on the same day that
such supplies are delivered to us. However
 some of the suppliers with whom we
have a long-standing business relationship allow us to pay on credit. We fund
the majority of our working capital requirements out of cash flow generated from
operations. If we fail to generate sufficient sales
 or if our suppliers stop
offering us credit terms
 we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our
operating costs and our business could be adversely affected. 

capital requirements in 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 from the proceeds of
short-term loans from Chinese banks. We expect to continue to do so in the
future. Such loans are generally secured by our fixed assets
 receivables and/or
guarantees by third parties. Our average loan balance from short-term bank loans
in 2012 and 2011 were approximately $34.4 million and $20.9 million
respectively. The term of almost all such loans is one year or less.
Historically
 we have rolled over such loans on an annual basis. However
commencing 2010
 the Chinese government has implemented more stringent credit
policies to curb inflation and soaring property prices
 which could negatively
impact our ability to obtain or roll over these short term loans
 and hence not
having sufficient funds available to pay all of our borrowings upon maturity.
Failure to roll over our short-term borrowings at maturity or to service our
debt could result in the imposition of penalties
 including increases in rates
of interest
 legal actions against us by our creditors
 or even insolvency. In
addition
 we completed two private placement financings in September 2010 and
October 2009 with net proceeds of $9.0 million and $10.9 million
 respectively
the proceeds of which were primarily used as working capital. We also secured a
$15 million loan from Deutsche Investitions- und Entwicklungsgesellshaft (&#147;DEG&#148;)
in May 2010
 which we have fully drawn down in
2011. We can provide no assurances that we will be able to enter into any future
financing or refinancing agreements on terms favorable to us
 especially
considering the current instability of the capital markets. 

 cash flows
from operations
 current and expected short-term bank loans
 as well as
remaining proceeds from the September 2010 private placement and the loan from
DEG will be adequate to satisfy our liquidity requirements through 2013.
However
 if available liquidity is not sufficient to meet our operating and loan
obligations as they come due
 our plans include considering pursuing alternative
financing arrangements or further reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our
cash requirements. However
 there is no assurance that
 if required
 we will be
able to raise additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide the
required liquidity. Currently
 the capital markets for small capitalization
companies are difficult and banking institutions have become stringent in their
lending requirements. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure of the availability or
terms of any third party financing. 

second half of 2008 has led to a severe economic recession worldwide.
Furthermore
 the European countries experienced severe debt crisis during 2011
and 2012 which further weighed on the global economy as well as financial
market. The outlook for 2013 is still uncertain
 but continuation or worsening
of unfavorable economic conditions
 including the ongoing global economy and
capital markets disruptions
 could have an adverse impact on our business
operating results or financial condition in a number of ways. For example
 we
may experience declines in revenues
 profitability and cash flows as a result of
reduced orders
 delays in receiving orders
 delays or defaults in payment or
other factors caused by the economic problems of our customers and prospective
customers. We may experience supply chain delays
 disruptions or other problems
associated with financial constraints faced by our suppliers and subcontractors.
In addition
 changes and volatility in the equity
 credit and foreign exchange
markets and in the competitive landscape make it increasingly difficult for us
to predict our revenues and earnings into the future. 

 some of our customers
 including some of our
large supermarket customers
 delayed their payments for up to 60 to 90 days
beyond their term. Our cash flow suffered while waiting for such payments.
Consequently
 at times we had to delay payments to our suppliers and to postpone
business expansion as a result of these delayed payments. Starting in 2008 and
through 2012
 we gradually shortened credit terms for many of our international
and domestic customers from between 30 and 180 days to between 30 and 60 days.
Our large customers may fail to meet these shortened credit terms
 in which case
we may not have sufficient cash flow to fund our operating costs and our
business could be adversely affected. 






operations for the periods indicated
 and the differences between the two
periods expressed in dollars and percentages: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Year Ended December 31
 2012 Compared to Year Ended December
31
 2011 

. Net revenues increased by $26.5 million
or approximately 12.4%
 to $239.7 million in 2012 from $213.2 million in 2011.
This increase was attributable to the increased revenues generated from sales of
each of our product segments
 as reflected in the following table: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

101

    
    

263

    
    

837

    
    
    
    

    
    

575

    
    

887

    
    

687

    
    
    
    

    




996

    




070

    
    

926

    
    
    
    

    




673
463
    




222
106
    
    

451

    
    
    
    





domestic sales and exports. Revenues from sales in the Chinese domestic market
increased by approximately $13.8 million
 or approximately 8.8%
 in 2012. As a
percentage of total revenues
 revenues from sales in the domestic PRC market
decreased slightly to approximately 71.3% from approximately 73.7% in 2011. 

 in 2012
 revenues from international sales to
Japan
 France
 United Kingdom
 and Spain as well as other countries increased
in the aggregate
 approximately $12.7 million
 or 22.6%
 compared to 2011. See
Note 16 to the financial statements contained elsewhere in this report for more
information on the breakdown of our sales per geographic region. 
 Our cost of revenues increased $20.4
million
 or approximately 12.1%
 to $188.6 million in 2012 from $168.2 million
in 2011. This increase was attributable to the following factors
 by percentage:



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 utilities
 freight

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

460
250
 or approximately
13.8%
 in 2012 from $127
798
200 in 2011
 primarily reflecting our increase
operation and sales. Overhead expenses increased primarily due to increased
depreciation expenses and utility expenses. Wage expense decreased slightly as
the company controls cost carefully and gradually upgrades its production
towards automation. 

revenues in 2012 as compared to 2011 among our different segments: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
    

    
    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
    

    
    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
188
565
    
    
168
209
    
    
    
    

. Our gross profit increased $6.1 million
or 13.5%
 to $51.1 million in 2012 from $45.0 million in 2011 as a result of
higher net revenues
 partially offset by higher cost of revenues
 for the
reasons indicated above. 

. Our selling and
marketing expenses increased approximately $1.2 million
 or 11.7%
 to $11.7
million in 2012 from $10.5 million in fiscal year 2011. The following table
reflects the main factors that contributed to this increase as well as the
dollar amount that each factor contributed to this increase: 






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    


    

    
    


    

    
    


    

    
    


    

by an aggregate of $1.1 million decreases of other factors
 including sea
transportation
 client entertainment
 and leasing expenses. 
 Our general and
administrative expenses increased approximately $923
030
 or 14.0%
 to $7.5
million in 2012 from $6.6 million in 2011. The following table reflects the main
factors that contributed to this increase as well as the dollar amount that each
factor contributed to this increase: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    


    

    
    


    

    
    


    

    
    


    


708 in 2011 to
approximately $1.2 million in 2012
 representing grants received mostly from the
Junan County government and Hubei government to assist us in our research and
business development. 


million
 or 5.7%
 to $29.5 million in 2012 from $27.9 million in 2011 as a
result of higher revenues
 partially offset by higher costs of revenues and
operating expenses
 for the reasons indicated above. 


 or 13.5%
 to
$7.7 million in 2012
 as compared to $6.8 million in 2011. This increase was
attributable to the higher income earned in 2012 as compared to 2011
 as well as
higher income tax rates. Effective January 1
 2008
 the PRC government
implemented a new 25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises
 without any
tax holiday. However
 the PRC government has established a set of transition
rules to allow enterprises that already started tax holidays before January 1
2008 to continue utilizing such tax holidays until they are fully utilized. The
income tax rates applicable to our Chinese operating subsidiaries in 2010
 2011
and 2012 are depicted in the following table: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


equity of our subsidiary Shandong Lorain
 which is reflected in the minority
interest of $1.3 million in 2012 and $1.2 million in 2011. 


170
 or 2.7%
 to $20.4 million in
2012 from $19.9 million in fiscal year 2011
 as a result of the factors
described above. 







requirements necessitated by our sales growth
 adding new products and expanding
our facilities. In the past
 our primary sources of financing have been cash
generated from operations and short-term loans from banks in China. In October
2009 and September 2010
 we obtained approximately $11 million and 9 million
respectively
 from two private placement transactions. We also secured a $15
million loan from Deutsche Investitions- und Entwicklungsgesellshaft (&#147;DEG&#148;) in
May 2010 which we have fully drawn down in 2011. Proceeds from the private
placement transactions and cash drawn down from the DEG loan
 together with cash
generated from operations and short-term bank loans
 have been primarily used to
fund our working capital needs
 as well as addition to our construction in
progress and purchase of fixed assets. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 cash and
cash equivalents (including restricted cash) were $36.3 million $30.4 million
respectively. 

capital needs in 2013 from cash generated from operations and short-term bank
loans. We expect that anticipated cash flows from operations and short-term bank
loans will be sufficient to fund our operations through at least the next twelve
months. 

and loan obligations as they come due
 our plans include pursuing alternative
financing arrangements or reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash
requirements. However
 there is no assurance that we will be able to raise
additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide liquidity
 if
needed. Currently
 the capital markets for small capitalization companies are
difficult. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure of the availability or terms of any
alternative financing arrangements. 

cash flow for all financial statements periods presented in this report. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    




    


    
    








million and net cash used in operating activities for 2011 was $2.1 million. The
increase of approximately $11.1 million in net cash flows provided by operating
activities resulted primarily from a higher net income of $659
814
 a higher
depreciation of 571
459
 and a lower increase in accounts and other receivables
of $8.5 million. 


 our uses of cash for investment activities are
primarily purchase equipments and security deposits. Net cash used in investing
activities for 2012 and 2011 were $3.3 million and $16.2 million
 respectively
with the increase of approximately $12.9 million resulted primarily from a $19.7
million decrease in restricted cash
 $11.4 million less payment for the purchase
of plant and equipment
 partially offset by $10.0 million higher payment for
security deposit. 


were $8.3 million and $17.0 million
 respectively. The decrease of approximately
$8.7 million in net cash provided by financing activities resulted primarily
from a decrease of $13.7 million in net short-term bank borrowings
 partially
offset by $5.0 million increase in long term bank borrowings. 


 2012 and 2011
 we carried $28.7 million and
$36.0 million short term bank loans from Chinese domestic banks. Please refer to
Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements for details. 






United States generally accepted accounting principles requires our management
to make assumptions
 estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in
the financial statements
 including the notes thereto
 and related disclosures
of commitments and contingencies
 if any. We consider our critical accounting
policies to be those that require the more significant judgments and estimates
in the preparation of financial statements
 including the following: 
 We maintain our general ledger
and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting
purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management.
Accounting policies adopted by us conform to generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America and have been consistently applied in
the presentation of financial statements
 which are compiled on the accrual
basis of accounting. 
 The preparation of the financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.
Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the
time the estimates are made; however
 actual results could differ materially
from those estimates. 

accounts such as accounts receivable
 inventory
 fixed assets
 and intangible
assets. We use estimates to account for the related bad debt allowance
inventory impairment charges
 depreciation and amortization of our assets. In
the food processing industry these accounts have a significant impact on the
valuation of our balance sheet and the results of our operations. 
 The consolidated
financial statements are presented in US Dollars and include the accounts of the
Company and its commonly controlled entity. All significant inter-company
balances and transactions are eliminated in combination. 

 2012
 the particulars of the commonly
controlled entities are as follows: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
      
      
      


    
      
      
      


    
      
      
      




      
      

837





      
      

019





      
      

483





      
      

587




      Co.

      
      

437






      
      






      
      

386

    

 --
The long-lived assets held and used by us are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets
may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become
impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Determination of
recoverability of assets to be held and used is by comparing the carrying amount
of an asset to future net undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the assets.


 the impairment to
be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the
assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are
reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.


 there was no impairment loss. 
 Our revenue recognition policies
are in compliance with Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales revenue is
recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement
exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 we have
no other significant obligations and collectability is reasonably assured.
Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition
are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue. 

 net of a
value-added tax (VAT). No product return or sales discount allowance is made as
products delivered and accepted by customers are normally not returnable and
sales discount is normally not granted after products are delivered. 





to our customers
 or third party transporters revenue is recognized. Our
industry does not call for revenue recognition under multiple deliverable
arrangements. 


accounts receivable
 other receivable
 advances to suppliers
 advances to employees
 bank loans and notes
 accounts payable
 other
payable
 accrued liabilities
 and long-term liabilities. 

  cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivable
 advances to
  suppliers
 advances to employees
 bank loans and notes
 accounts payable
 other
  payable
 and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values based on their
  short-term nature. The recorded values of long-term liabilities approximate
  their fair values
 as interest approximates market rates. 

for our financial statements in 2012 and 2011. We consider it critical because
our business is becoming more global in nature and the use of fair value for
financial instruments has been widely adopted by accounting bodies around the
globe. With financial statements that are widely accepted and comparable in many
jurisdictions we will have greater access to capital locally. 


 2012
 the FASB issued ASU
2012-02
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) &#150; Testing Indefinite-Lived
Intangible Assets for Impairment. The ASU provides entities with an option to
first assess qualitative factors to determine whether events or circumstances
indicate that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible
asset is impaired. If an entity concludes that it is more than 50% likely that
an indefinite-lived intangible asset is not impaired
 no further analysis is
required. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 it would be required to
determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to measure the
amount of actual impairment
 if any
 as currently required under US GAAP. The
ASU is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal
years beginning after September 15
 2012. Early adoption is permitted. The
adoption of this pronouncement will not have a material impact on its financial
statements. 

 2012
 the FASB issued ASU
No. 2012-04
 
The amendments cover a wide range of topics in the FASB ASC. The amendments are
incorporated into two sections: a. Technical corrections and improvements
 and
b. Conforming amendments related to fair value measurements. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 

  
    
    
    

      improvements section are categorized as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    


      considered necessary due to differences between source literature and the
      FASB ASC. The amendments primarily carry forward legacy document guidance
      and/or subsequent amendments into the FASB ASC. Often
 either writing
      style or phrasing in the legacy documents did not directly relate to the
      FASB ASC format and style so that the meaning of certain guidance might
      have been unintentionally altered. 

    
    


      amendments include updated wording or corrected references
 or a
      combination of both. 

    
    


      authoritative literature guidance from one location to another location
      that is deemed more appropriate within the FASB ASC.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 

  
    
    
    

 the guidance in ASU
      2012-04 identifies when the use of the term &#147;fair value&#148; should be linked
      to the definition of fair value included in FASB ASC 820
 entitled Fair
      Value Measurement. Most of the amendments are of a nonsubstantive nature.
      Many of the amendments relate to conforming wording to be consistent with
      the terminology in FASB ASC 820 for example
 references to market value
      and current market value have been changed to appropriately refer to fair
      value so that the literature is consistent
throughout.

 the FASB issued ASU
No. 2012-06

at the Acquisition Date as a Result of a Government-Assisted Acquisition of a
Financial Institution&#148; (&#147;ASU 2012-06&#148;). 
indemnification assets recognized in accordance with Subtopic 805-20
 Business
Combinations&#151;Identifiable Assets and Liabilities
 and Any Noncontrolling
Interest
 as a result of a government-assisted acquisition of a financial
institution involving an indemnification agreement should be subsequently
measured on the same basis as the asset subject to indemnification. For public
and nonpublic entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal
years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after December
15
 2012. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a
significant effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial position or results
of operations. 

 2012
 there are no
other recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would have a
material effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements.

 the FASB issued ASU
No. 2013-01

The Update
clarifies that ordinary trade receivables and receivables are not in the scope
of Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-11
 Balance Sheet (Topic 210):
Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities. Specifically
 Update
2011-11 applies only to derivatives
 repurchase agreements and reverse purchase
agreements
 and securities borrowing and securities lending transactions that

Accounting Standards Codification&#174;
arrangement or similar agreement. The amendments in this Update are effective
for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after
January 1
 2013. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a
significant effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial position or results
of operations. 

 the amendments
that are subject to the transition guidance is effective for fiscal periods
beginning after December 15
 2012. Management does not expect the adoption of
this standard has a significant effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial
position or results of operations. 






Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT
MARKET RISK 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL
DATA 

as of December 31
 2012 begins on page F-2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 




Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (&#147;Exchange Act&#148;))
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
Exchange Act reports is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC&#146;s rules and forms
 and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including to our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 our
management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of
December 31
 2012. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31
 2012
 and as of the
date that the evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures was completed
 our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting described below. 

Management&#146;s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting.

adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the
participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in Internal
Control&#151;Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation
 our management
concluded that
 as of December 31
 2012
 our internal controls over financial
reporting are not effective. 

our management as of December 31
 2012 relates to the ability of the Company to
record transactions and provide disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We did
not have sufficient and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level
of technical accounting knowledge and experience in the application of U.S. GAAP
commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. For example
 our staff
members do not hold licenses such as Certified Public Accountant or Certified
Management Accountant in the U.S.
 have not attended U.S. institutions for
training as accountants
 and have not attended extended educational programs
that would provide sufficient relevant education relating to U.S. GAAP. Our
staff will require substantial training to meet the demands of a U.S. public
company and our staff&#146;s understanding of the requirements of U.S. GAAP-based
reporting are inadequate. 


accounting team. The training sessions will be organized to help our corporate
accounting team gain experience in U.S. GAAP reporting and to enhance their
awareness of new and emerging pronouncements with potential impact over our
financial reporting. We have also participated in the SEC Year End Conference: An Accounting &amp; Reporting Update for US listed Companies given by former SEC and PCAOB staff on December 2012 in Beijing
 and plan to continue participate in such educational seminars
 tutorials
 and conferences in future.. 







 2012
 there were no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in
connection with the evaluation performed during the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to
materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting. 


provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that: 

 in reasonable
detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our
assets; 

recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with U.S. GAAP
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of our assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer
 does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or
detect all misstatements. A control system
 no matter how well designed and
operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the
objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the
benefits of such controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of internal
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of
misstatements
 if any
 have been detected or prevented. Also
 projections of any
evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the
risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. 







ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 


 age and position of
each of our current directors as well as the date that each officer began their
service as a director. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    

    
    

 Chief
      Executive Officer




    
    


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
 Mr. Chen became our chief executive officer
and director in May 2007 upon the completion of our recapitalization
 and was
also appointed our president in September 2009. Mr. Chen founded Shandong
Lorain
 our first subsidiary
 in 1994
 and served as the chairman of our
subsidiaries since that time. Mr. Chen earned an associate degree from Linyi
Normal University. Mr. Chen has been our Company&#146;s founder and Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer since inception. He is the individual most familiar with
our business and industry
 including the regulatory structure and other
industry-specific matters
 as well as being most capable of effectively
identifying strategic priorities and leading the discussion and execution of
strategy. 
 Mr. Lu was appointed as our Chief
Operating Officer and was elected as a member of our board of directors
effective August 1
 2008. Mr. Lu joined the Company in 1994 and has held various
positions since then. From April 2003 to May 2005
 Mr. Lu was the General
Manager of Beijing Lorain and the Deputy General Manager of our subsidiaries.
From May 2005 to February 2007
 Mr. Lu was the General Manager of Lorain
International Trading and the Deputy General Manager of our subsidiaries. From
February to August 2008
 Mr. Lu was the General Manager of our subsidiaries. Mr.
Lu was recognized as an Outstanding Entrepreneur in Shandong Province in 2007.
Mr. Lu earned an MBA from Shandong University and a Bachelor of Arts degree from
Shandong University. Mr. Lu
 has been our Company&#146;s Chief Operating Officer
since 2008 and he has worked with our Company since 1994. Because of his tenure
with the Company
 he is familiar with our business and industry
 including the
regulatory structure and other industry-specific matters. 
 Mr. Wei
 who has served as a member of
our board of directors since 2008
 is a retired government official who held
various positions in the government of Junan County
 Shandong Province
 China
from 1990 to 2003
 during which time Mr. Wei was responsible for overseeing the
agricultural development of Junan County in the Shandong Province of China. Most
recently
 from 1998 to 2003
 Mr. Wei was the Chairman of the Political
Conservative Conference of Junan County. Mr. Wei also served as the Deputy
Secretary of County Committee and Deputy Chairman of Junan County. Mr. Wei has
helped lead Junan County to win numerous honors
 including Top 100 National
Fruit Products County and National Chestnut Base County. Although retired
 Mr.
Wei&#146;s expertise and experience with the agricultural economy and resources in
the countryside is invaluable to our business. 
 Mr. Yin was appointed one of our
directors in September 2009. He has been working as the President of Zibo branch
of the Agricultural Bank of China since 2004. Before that position
 Mr. Yin
served as the Vice President and the President at Linyi branch of the
Agricultural Bank of China from 1995-2004. Mr. Yin has a degree in economic
management and is regarded as a senior economist due to his distinguished
expertise in the banking and accounting industries and economic development. Our
company greatly benefits from Mr. Yin&#146;s invaluable expertise in banking and
accounting systems and operations. 
 Mr. Wu was appointed as one of our
directors in March 2013. Mr. Wu is the founding partner of Yi Jiu Tian Xing (Beijing)
Capital Investment Advisory Co. Ltd. (&#147;EC Capital&#148;)
 which provides financial
services to private companies in China
 a position which he continues to hold as
of the date of this  Report. Before founding EC Capital
 from 2006 to
2011
 Mr. Wu served as an executive director of The Hina Group
 a boutique
investment banking firm registered with FINRA USA. During his employment with
The Hina Group
 Mr. Wu was involved in numerous private placements and M&amp;A
deals
 such as representing Asiainfo Holdings
 Inc. (Nasdaq: Asia) in its merger
with Linkage Technologies International Holdings Limited. From 2006 to 2011
 Mr.
Wu was involved in the closings of transactions which in the aggregate are
valued at approximately $1 billion
 in the telecom and the high-tech sectors.
Before joining The Hina Group
 Mr. Wu worked for Datang Telecom Technology Co.
Ltd. (SSE: 600198) as a sales manager. Mr. Wu holds a Bachelors Degree in
Electronic Engineering from Wuhan University and an IMBA from the Tsinghua
University School of Economics and Management. He was also awarded the title of
&#147;Honorable MBA Alumni&#148; by The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology.





directors and any other person pursuant to which any director was selected to
serve as a director of our company. Directors are elected until their successors
are duly elected and qualified. There are no family relationships among our
directors or officers. 


their discretion. The following table sets forth the name
 age and position of
each of our current executive officers as well as the date that each officer
began their service as an executive officer. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    

    
    

 Chief Executive Officer

    

    
    
    
    

    
    


    

Messrs. Chen and Lu. 
 Mr. David She became our chief financial
officer on December 10
 2010. Prior to his appointment
 Mr. She held various
positions
 and most lately as Chief Financial Officer
 at China Natural Gas
Inc. from 2008 to 2010
 where he oversaw financial operations and managed the
company's financial growth. His duties included the oversight of quarterly and
annual filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
 evaluating and
executing financing alternatives
 and managing the investor relations program.
Mr. She also served as a securities analyst for West China Securities in Beijing
in 2006. He received bachelor's degrees in mathematics and business
administration from Beijing Institute of Technology as well as a master's degree
in finance from the State University of New York in Buffalo. 

executive officers and any other person pursuant to which any executive officer
was selected to serve as an executive officer of our company. 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    


 auditing
 and financial reporting
      processes; 

    
    

      

    
    


      compliance with accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations;
      and 

    
    


      independence of our independent auditors. 

 William Jianxiao Wu
 and Maoquan Wei
 all of whom
are independent directors under SEC rules and the rules of NYSE Amex
 are
currently serving as members of the Audit Committee. Mr. Yin is the chairman of
the Audit Committee and is our audit committee financial expert. 





 a copy of
which is available on our website on the Corporate Governance page under the
Investor link at http://www.americanlorain.com
 and a printed copy of which is
available to any shareholder requesting a copy by writing to: American Lorain
Corporation
 c/o Board of Director Office
 Beihuan Zhong Road
 Junan County
Shandong
 People&#146;s Republic of China
 276600 


writing to American Lorain Corporation
 c/o Board of Director Office
 Beihuan
Zhong Road
 Junan County
 Shandong
 People&#146;s Republic of China
 276600. Any such
proposal shall contain the name
 holdings of our securities and contact
information of the person making the nomination
 the candidate's name
 address
and other contact information
 any direct or indirect holdings of our securities
by the nominee
 any information required to be disclosed about directors under
applicable securities laws and/or stock exchange requirements
 information
regarding related party transactions with our company and/or the stockholder
submitting the nomination; any actual or potential conflicts of interest
 the
nominee's biographical data
 current public and private company affiliations
employment history and qualifications and status as independent under
applicable securities laws and stock exchange requirements. Nominees proposed by
stockholders will receive the same consideration as other nominees. 
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance


officers
 directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our common
stock to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 which we also refer to throughout
this report as the SEC. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms
furnished to us and written representations from our executive officers
directors and such beneficial owners
 we believe that all filing requirements of
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act were timely complied with during the fiscal
year ended December 31
 2012. 


directors
 executive officers
 including our principal executive officer
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer
 and employees. The
Code of Ethics addresses
 among other things
 honesty and ethical conduct
conflicts of interest
 compliance with laws
 regulations and policies
 including
disclosure requirements under the federal securities laws
 confidentiality
trading on inside information
 and reporting of violations of the code. The Code
of Ethics is available on the Corporate Governance page of our website under the
Investor link at www.americanlorain.com
 and a copy of the Code of Ethics is
available to any shareholder requesting a copy by writing to: American Lorain
Corporation
 c/o Board of Director Office
 Beihuan Zhong Road
 Junan County
Shandong
 China 276600. We intend to disclose on our website
 in accordance with
all applicable laws and regulations
 amendments to
 or waivers from
 our Code of
Ethics. 



compensation earned by our named executive officers in 2010
 2011 and 2012 for
services provided to us and our subsidiaries. None of our current executive
officers earned compensation that exceeded $100
000 in 2010
 2011 or 2012. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    

    
    
($)
      
($)
      
    
      
    

Officer

2012


000 
000 
000
      
    
    
    

000 
000 
000
      

    
    

727 
909 
    
    
    

727 
909






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 

  
    


      on the grant date determined in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718.
      See Note 18 to the financial statements included in our original Form 10-K
      for the year ended December 31
 2012 for the assumptions made in the
      valuation of these awards.
  
    

      
  
    


      on the grant date determined in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718.
      See Note 18 to the financial statements included in our original Form 10-K
      for the year ended December 31
 2012 for the assumptions made in the
      valuation of this award.

 we paid Mr. Chen a
base salary of $66
000 in cash in 2009
 2010 and 2011. Mr. Chen&#146;s employment
agreement does not provide any change in control or severance benefits and we do
not have any separate change-in-control agreements with Mr. Chen or any of our
other executive officers. 

 dated October 22
2010
 we are obligated to pay Mr. She a base salary of $72
727 for the first
year of employment and $90
909 for the second year of employment. Mr. She&#146;s
employment agreement does not provide any change -in -control or severance
benefits. 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


      





    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      




        Name 



        Securities 
        Underlying 
        Unexercised 
        Options 
        (#) 
        Exercisable 



        Securities 
        Underlying 
        Unexercised 
        Options 
        (#) 
        Unexercisable 
        (c) 


        Option Exercise 
        Price 
        ($) 



        Option Expiration 
        Date 



        Number of Shares 
        or Units of Stock 
        That Have Not 
        Vested 
        (#) 



        Market Value of 
        Shares or Units of 
        Stock That Have 
        Not Vested 
        ($) 



      


      
      
      
      
      




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 

  
    
    

      grant.

 if an employee is
terminated for any reason other than disability or death
 then the employee
shall have the right to exercise the portions of any option which was
exercisable as of the date of such termination
 in whole or in part
 not less
than 30 days nor more than three months after such termination. However
 in the
event of termination for good cause, the options shall automatically terminate
as of the termination of employment. 

directors or consultants
 the Board may specify such period for exercise as the
Board deems reasonable and appropriate
 not less than 30 days following
termination of employment or services (except that in the case of termination
for cause or removal of a director
 the option shall automatically terminate as
of the termination of employment or services). The option may be exercised only
with respect to installments that the optionee could have exercised at the date
of termination of employment or services. 

 engaged as a consultant
to
 or serving as a director of the company
 the portion of such optionee's
option which was exercisable at the date of death may be exercised
 in whole or
in part
 by the estate of the decedent or by a person succeeding to the right to
exercise such option at any time within (i) a period
 as determined by the
Board
 of not less than six months nor more than one year after the optionee's
death or (ii) during the remaining term of the option
 whichever is the lesser.
The option may be so exercised only with respect to installments exercisable at
the time of optionee's death and not previously exercised by the optionee. 






 2008
 Mr. Hao Chen
 Mr. David Yaudoon Chiang and
Mr. Maoquan Wei were appointed as independent members of our Board and as
members of our Board committees. On September 17
 2009
 Mr. Chiang and Mr. Hao
Chen resigned from the Board. Mr. Hao Chen was paid RMB 100
000 (approximately
US $14
641) per year for his Board and Board committee service. Mr. Chiang was
paid US $25
000 per year plus US $5
000 for each board meeting attended by Mr.
Chiang
 as compensation for his Board and Board committee service. Mr. Wei is
paid RMB 100
000 (approximately US $14
641) per year. In addition
 in 2009 we
granted stock options and stock awards to Messrs. Hao Chen
 Chiang and Wei under
our 2009 Incentive Stock Option Plan
 as set forth in the table below. 

 2009
 Messrs. Dekai Yin
 Yongjun Li and Tad
Ballantyne were appointed as independent members of our Board and as members of
our Board committees. Messrs. Yin
 Li and Ballantyne are paid RMB 100
000
(approximately US $15
493) per year. Mr. Yongjun Li resigned as a Director effective May 18
 2012. Mr. Ballantyne resigned as a Director
effective March 7
 2013. Mr. William Jianxiao Wu was appointed as a Director of
the Board on March 11
 2013. 

travel expenses related to attendance at board or board committee meetings. In
2012
 we did not make any such reimbursements. 

employees of the Company or its subsidiaries. As a result
 Mr. Si Chen and Mr.
Yundong Lu did not receive any compensation in 2012 for their service as
directors. 

directors in 2012: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    














    


    
    
    

493 

    


    
    
    

493 

    


    
    
    

493 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

 Item 5 above for a tabular representation
of our equity compensation plan. 
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management 

ownership of our common stock as of March 29
 2013 (i) by each person who is
known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) by each
of our named executive officers and directors and (iii) by all of our officers
and directors as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with
the rules of the SEC that deem shares to be beneficially owned by any person who
has voting or investment power with respect to such shares. Except as otherwise
indicated
 the persons listed below have advised us that they have direct sole
voting and investment power with respect to the shares listed as owned by them.


 the address of each of the persons
set forth below is c/o American Lorain Corporation
 Beihuan Zhong Road
 Junan
County
 Shandong
 China 276600. 

 percentage ownership is based on 34
616
714
shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 29
 2013. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
      
    
      
    


 Chairman
 CEO


354

    

    

448

    




618

    



    
    


 COO and



    



    
    


 Director



    



    
    




396

    






Management
 LLC
 Jayhawk Private Equity Fund
 L.P.
 Jayhawk Private Equity
Co-Invest Fund
 L.P.
 Jayhawk Private Equity GP
 L.P.
 and Kent C. McCarthy in a
Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 6
 2013. 

a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 5
 2013. The address of Tongley
Investment Ltd. is P.O. Box 957
 Offshore Incorporations Centre
 Road Town
Tortola
 British Virgin Islands. 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND
  DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


 2008
 there have been no transactions between
members of management
 five percent stockholders
 affiliates
 promoters or
finders. 


 Wu and Wei satisfy
the criteria for independence under NYSE Amex and SEC rules for independence of
directors and of committee members. 

 We paid aggregate fees of approximately
$141
000 and $138
500 for each of the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and
December 31
 2011
 respectively
 to Samuel H. Wong &amp; Co.
 LLP for
professional services rendered by such firm for the audit and review of the
financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K and for the
review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form
10-Q. 
 We paid aggregate fees to Samuel H.
Wong &amp; Co.
 LLP of approximately $7
653 and $2
831 for the fiscal year ended
December 31
 2012 and 2011 for travel expenses
 respectively. 
 We paid aggregate fees of approximately $5
000
for each of the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011 to
Samuel H. Wong &amp; Co.
 LLP for professional services rendered for tax
compliance
 tax advice and tax planning. 




Board of Directors Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures


and grant any pre&#150;approvals of (i) all auditing services to be provided by the
independent auditor
 (ii) all significant non&#150;audit services to be provided by
the independent auditors as permitted by Section 10A of the Exchange Act
  and (iii) all fees and the terms of engagement with respect to such
services
 except that the Audit Committee may delegate the authority to
pre&#150;approve non&#150;audit services to one or more of its committee members who will
present its decisions to the full Audit Committee at the first meeting following
such decision. Following the Company&#146;s establishment of an Audit Committee on
August 1
 2008
 all audit and non&#150;audit services performed by Samuel H. Wong
&amp; Co.
 LLP during fiscal 2011 and 2012 were pre&#150;approved pursuant to the
procedures outlined above. Prior to the establishment of the Audit Committee
all services of the independent auditors were approved by the full board of
directors. 

Item 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

  The financial statements contained in the &#147;Audited Financial
Statements&#148; beginning on page F-2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    


    
Articles of Incorporation of the registrant
 as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 15
 2009
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form S-3 filed on January 29
 2010.


    
Bylaws of the registrant
 as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 15
 2009
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form S-3 filed on January 29
 2010.


    
Certificate
        of Designation of Series A Voting Convertible Preferred Stock of the registrant
        as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on April 9
 2007. Incorporated
        by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant&#146;s current report on
        Form 8- K filed on May 9
 2007 in commission file number 0- 31619. 


    
Certificate of Designation of
        Series B Voting Convertible Preferred Stock of registrant as filed with
        the Secretary of State of Delaware on April 30
 2007. Incorporated by
        reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form
        8-K filed on May 9
 2007. 


    
Form of Series
        A Warrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant&#146;s
        current report on Form 8-K filed on October 29
 2009. 


    
Form of Series B Warrant. Incorporated
        by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant&#146;s current report on
        Form 8-K filed on October 29
 2009. 


    
Registration
        Rights Agreement
 dated as of October 28
 2009. Incorporated by reference
        to Exhibit 4.3 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed
        on October 29
 2009. 


    
Registration Rights Agreement
        dated as of September 9
 2010
 by and among American Lorain Corporation
        and the purchasers named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
        99.3 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on September
        13
 2010. 


    
Stockholder
        Agreement
 dated as of September 9
 2010
 by and among American Lorain
        Corporation
 the purchasers named therein and Si Chen. Incorporated by
        reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form
        8-K filed on September 13
 2010. 


    
Securities Purchase Agreement
        dated as of October 28
 2009
 by and between American Loan Corporation
        and the purchasers named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
        10.1 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on October
        29
 2009 


    
Securities Purchase
        Agreement dated as of September 9
 2010
 by and among American Loan Corporation
        Si Chen and the purchasers named therein. Incorporated by reference to
        Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed
        on September 13
 2010. 


    
Make Good Escrow Agreement
        dated as of September 9
 2010
 by and among American Lorain Corporation
        the purchasers named therein
 Si Chen and the collateral agent named therein.
        Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the registrant&#146;s current
        report on Form 8-K filed on September 13
 2010. 


    
Loan Agreement
        dated May 31
 2010
 between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co. Ltd. and DEG-Deutsche
        Investitions Und Entwicklungsgesellschaft MBH. Incorporated by reference
        to Exhibit 10.12 to the registrant&#146;s quarterly report on Form 10-Q
        filed on August 11
 2010. 


    
Business Ethics
        Policy and Code of Conduct
 adopted on April 30
 2007. Incorporated by
        reference to Exhibit 14 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form
        8-K filed on May 9
 2007. 


    
List
        of subsidiaries of the registrant. * 


    
Consent
        of Samuel H. Wong &amp; Co.
 LLP * 


    
Certification
        of Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
        Act of 2002 * 


    
Certification
        of Chief Financial Officer
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
        Act of 2002 * 


    
Certification
        of Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted
        pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 * 


    
Certification
        of Chief Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted
        pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 * 









Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
  
    
    

    
    



    

    

 Director and Chief Executive


    
    

1934
 this annual report has been signed by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    





  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

    



 2013 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
  
    
    
    

    


    

    


    

    
    
    



    

 2013 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    



    

 2013 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    



    

 2013 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    



    

 2013 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    



    

 2013 

    
    
    







DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011 







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    



    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    




  



REPORT OF REGISTERED INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

      Stockholders of 

American Lorain Corporation as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and the related
consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
 stockholders' equity
and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits. 

Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of
American Lorain Corporation as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 





 P.C. 








CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
AT DECEMBER 31
(Stated in US
Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    
    
    
    
At December 31


    
    
At December 31


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    

345
603

    
    

353
494

    



    
    
    
    
    

998

    
    

017

    





    
    
    
    

734

    
    

469

    




    
    
    
    

861

    
    

147

    



    
    
    
    
    

072

    
    

348

    




    
    
    
    

295

    
    

772

    





    
    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    
    


    
    


    





    
    
    




293

    





    





    
    
    




158

    




423

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    



      plant and equipment
 
    
    
    
    

639

    
    

377

    




      
    
    
    




296

    




425

    


    
    
    
    




365

    




698

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    

725

    
    

018

    





    
    
    
    

226

    
    


    




    
    
    
    

646

    
    

900

    



    
    
    
    
    

005

    
    

237

    




    
    
    
    


    
    

938

    



    
    
    
    





    




    





    
    
    
    

584

    
    

151

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    

382

    
    

597

    




    
    
    




696

    




    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

662

    
    

749

    

Accountant&#146;s Report 




CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
AT DECEMBER 31
(Stated in US
Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    
    
    
    
At December 31


    
    
At December 31


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 $.001 par
      value
 5
000
000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding at
      December 31
 2012 and 2011

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



      stock
 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 34
616
714 and
      34
507
874 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2012 and 2011

    
    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    
    

487

    
    

015

    




    
    
    
    

922

    
    

976

    


    
    
    
    
    

097

    
    

939

    




    
    
    
    

210

    
    

353

    




    
    
    




949

    




628

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    




702

    




948

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


STOCKHOLDER&#146;S
      EQUITY
    
    
    




365

    




698

    

Accountant&#146;s Report 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE
      INCOME

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011
  

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    
    
For the years ended
      December 31

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

15

    


673



    


222





    
    




565

    




208

    


    


    

107
975



    

013
250



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




    




    




    
    
    

741

    
    

513

    


    






506







583


  


    
    
    

248

    
    

097

    
  

    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    




859

    




915

    
  

    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

225

    
    


    


    
















    
    
    


    
    

449

    


    













  


    
    




032

    




561

    
  

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    

481
412



    

903
173



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

16





737







819


  
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    






743







083



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




    




    




    
    
    


    
    

972

    


    






600







056





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

422

    
    

887

    


    






321







196





    
    




743

    




083

    
  

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

 17



    




    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    












  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    
    

533

    
    

445

    


    
    




533







726




Accountant&#146;s Report 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011
  

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

743

    
    

083

    


















    
    

767

    
    

196

    




















    
    
    
    


    












    






    

499

    
    

015

    







723






541


  


    
    


    
    


    















  









    





    








955







141


  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    




    




    
    
    
    
    

447

    







029






478


  




    


    
    


    







018






708


  


    
    

277

    
    


    
















  


    




347

    




217

    


    


    




    




    
    

347

    
    

366

    







123






058





    
    

580

    
    

566

    


    


    





249


  


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

























324

    




009

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

933

    
    

349

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    

059

    
    

972

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




353

    




730

    


    




345







353



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Supplementary cash flow
      information:


    




    




    
    


    
    





Accountant&#146;s Report 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011
  

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    

891

    
    

261

    


    
    

233

    
    

871

    

Accountant&#146;s Report 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
  

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011
  

    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 January 1

    

419

    
    


    
    

371

    
    

340

    
    

688

    
    

475

    
    

431
697

    
    

342

    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

083

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

083

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

636

    
    

636

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

196

    
    
    
    
    

196

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

972

    
    
    
    
    

972

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 December 31

    

507

    
    


    
    

015

    
    

976

    
    

939

    
    

353

    
    

628

    
    

948

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 January 1

    

507

    
    


    
    

015

    
    

976

    
    

939

    
    

353

    
    

628

    
    

948

    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

743

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

743

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

321

    
    
    
    
    

321

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

264

    
    

264

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 December 31

    

616

    
    


    
    

487

    
    

922

    
    

097

    
    

210

    
    

949

    
    

702

    

Accountant&#146;s Report 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
ORGANIZATION
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND PRINCIPAL
      ACTIVITIES

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
Organization history of American Lorain Corporation
      (formerly known as Millennium Quest
 Inc.)
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      originally a Delaware corporation incorporated on February 4
 1986. From
      inception through May 3
 2007
 the Company did not engage in any active
      business operations other than in search and evaluation of potential
      business opportunity to become an acquiree of a reverse-merger deal. On
      May 3
 2007
 the Company entered into a share exchange agreement as
      described under &#147;Reverse-Merger&#148; below. On November 12
 2009
 the Company
      filed a statement of merger in the state of Nevada to transfer the
      Company&#146;s jurisdiction from Delaware to Nevada.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
Organization History of International Lorain Holding
      Inc. and its subsidiaries
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Holding Inc. (&#147;ILH&#148;). ILH is a Cayman Islands company incorporated on
      August 4
 2006 and was wholly-owned by Mr. Hisashi Akazawa until May 3
      2007. ILH presently has two direct wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Junan
      Hongrun and Luotian Lorain
 and three indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries
      through Junan Hongrun
 which are Beijing Lorain
 Dongguan Lorain
 and
      Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. (&#147;Shandong Greenpia&#148;).
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 the Company directly and indirectly has
      80.2% ownership of Shandong Lorain. The rest of the 19.8%
 which is owned
      by the State under the name of Shandong Economic Development Investment
      Co. Ltd.
 is not included as a part of the Group.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2009
 the Company
 through its Junan Hongrun
      subsidiary
 invested cash to establish Dongguan Lorain. Dongguan Lorain is
      indirectly 100% beneficially owned by the Company.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2010
 the Company signed an equity transfer
      agreement with Shandong Greenpia. Shandong Greenpia was originally
      directly owned by Taebong Inc. and Shandong Luan Trade Company. The
      Company paid $2
100
000 to Korean Taebong Inc. for 50% equity of Shandong
      Greenpia on September 20
 2010. On September 23
 2010
 the Company issued
      731
707 shares of restricted stock at an agreed price of $2.87 per share
      to the owner of Shandong Luan Trade Company
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei
 for the
      remaining 50% equity of Shandong Greenpia. Since September 23
 2010
      Shandong Greenpia was directly owned by both Junan Hongrun and ILH. As a
      result
 Shandong Greenpia is 100% owned by the Company. Accordingly
 the
      Company booked a gain of $383
482 which is included in the statement of
      income as other income.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2007
 the Company entered into a share exchange
      agreement with ILH whereby the Company consummated its acquisition of ILH
      by issuance of 697
663 Series B voting convertible preferred shares to the
      shareholders of ILH in exchange of 5
099
503 ILH shares. Concurrently on
      May 3
 2007
 the Company also entered into a securities purchase agreement
      with certain investors and Mr. Hisashi Akazawa and Mr. Si Chen (each a
      &#147;beneficial owner&#148;) whereby the Company issued 319
913 (after
      reverse-split at 32.84 from 10
508
643) common shares to its shareholders
      as consideration of the Company&#146;s reverse-merger with Lorain.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      hereafter as the &#147;reverse-merger transaction.&#148; The share exchange
      transaction has been accounted for as a recapitalization of ALN where the
      Company (the legal acquirer) is considered the accounting acquiree and ILH
      (the acquiree) is considered the accounting acquirer. As a result of this
      transaction
 the Company is deemed to be a continuation of the business of
      ILH.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 the accompanying consolidated financial
      statements are those of the accounting acquirer
 ILH. The historical
      stockholders&#146; equity of the accounting acquirer prior to the share
      exchange has been retroactively restated as if the share exchange
      transaction occurred as of the beginning of the first period presented.
      See also Note 13 Capitalization.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 manufactures
 and sells convenience foods (including ready-to-cook (or RTC) foods; ready-to-eat (or RTE) foods and meals ready-to-eat (or MRE); chestnut products; and frozen foods
 in hundreds of varieties.  The Company operates through indirect Chinese subsidiaries. The products are sold in domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan
 Korea and Europe.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
  POLICIES

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting purposes. The
      financial statements and notes are representations of management.
      Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted
      accounting principles in the United States of America and have been
      consistently applied in the presentation of financial statements
 which
      are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      presentation of changes in assets and liabilities in the statement of cash
      flows for the period ended December 31
 2012 in order to be consistent
      with the presentation provided for the year ended December 31
 2011. There
      was no impact in earnings for the regrouping.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Company and its subsidiaries are compiled in accordance with generally
      accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All
      significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
      The consolidated financial statements include 100% of assets
 liabilities
      and net income or loss of those wholly-owned subsidiaries; ownership
      interests of minority investors are recorded as minority
  interests.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2012
 the detailed identities of the
      consolidating subsidiaries are as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    






    


    

837
397




    


    
    
    
    
    

019

    

    






    





483




    


    
    
    
    
    

587

    

    






    





437




    



    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    




    





386




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of
      America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
      the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
      contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
      and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
      periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information
      available at the time the estimates are made; however actual results could
      differ materially from those estimates.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash
      equivalents.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought
      and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. All
      securities not included in trading securities are classified as
      available-for-sale.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are
      included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of
      the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from
      net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive
      income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of
      available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification
      basis.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      security below cost that is deemed to be other-than- temporary results in
      a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged as
      an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new
      cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether
      impairment is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has
      the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price
      recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the
      investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence
      considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the
      severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to
      year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      life of the related available-for-sale security as an adjustment to yield
      using the effective-interest method. Dividend and interest income are
      recognized when earned.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An
      estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount
      is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      materials are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods
      are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor and an appropriate
      proportion of overhead.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
Customer deposits and advances to
  suppliers
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      connection with orders of products to be delivered in future
    periods.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      supplier for the purpose of committing the supplier to provide product
      promptly upon delivery of the Company&#146;s purchase order for raw materials
      supplies
 equipment
 building materials etc. Pursuant to the Company&#146;s
      arrangements with its suppliers
 this deposit is generally 20% of the
      total amount contracted for. This type of transaction is classified as a
      prepayment category under the account name &#147;Advance to Suppliers&#148; until
      such time as the Company&#146;s purchase order is delivered
 at which point
      this account is reduced by reclassification of the applicable amount to
      the appropriate asset account such as inventory or fixed assets or
      construction in progress.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
Property
 plant and equipment
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
      using the straight-line method with a salvage value of 10%. Estimated useful lives of the plant and
  equipment are as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or
      loss is included in the statement of income. The cost of maintenance and
      repairs is charged to income as incurred
 whereas significant renewals and
      betterments are capitalized.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      construction or acquisition costs. The construction in progress is
      transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities
      necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No
      depreciation is provided until the asset is completed and ready for
      intended use.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided
      using the straight-line method over 40-50 years.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived
      Assets
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting
      Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Subtopic 360-10-35
 &#147;Accounting for the
      Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
&#148; for impairment whenever
      events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
      assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets
      could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes.
      Impairment is present if carrying amount of an asset is less than its
      undiscounted cash flows to be generated.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 a loss is recognized
      based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market
      value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of
      the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The Company believes
    no impairment has occurred to its assets during 2011 and 2012.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

  incurred.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      incurred.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      defined contribution retirement plans to the relevant authorities are
      charged to the consolidated statement of income as incurred.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in
      future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are
      provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the
      carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
      purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation
      allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than
      not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize
      their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 &#147;Accounting
      for Income Taxes.&#148; Income tax liabilities computed according to the United
      States and People&#146;s Republic of China (PRC) tax laws are provided for the
      tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and
      consists of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to
      differences between the basis of fixed assets and intangible assets for
      financial and tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and liabilities
      represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which
      will be either taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are
      recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating
      losses that are available to offset future income taxes. A valuation
      allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if it is more likely
      than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to
      realize that tax benefit
 or that future realization is
  uncertain.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2008
 PRC government implemented a
      new 25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of
      whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is
      defined as two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption
      hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a
      standard 25% tax rate
 tax holidays terminated as of December 31
 2007.
      However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow
      enterprises already started tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to
      continue enjoying the tax holidays until being fully utilized.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Internal Revenue Code Sections 951 and 957. Corporate income tax is
      imposed on progressive rates in the range of:
-

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    





000 

    
    





000 

    
    





000 

    
    



000


000 

    
    

000


000


000
000 

    
    

000


333


000
000 

    
    

333

    
    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations.  The Company transferred $2
264
420 and $2
636
160 from retained earnings to statutory reserves for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit
 must appropriate
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to 10% of its profit.  Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to 50% of the enterprise&rsquo;s PRC registered capital.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      United States dollars. The functional currency of the Company is the
      Renminbi (RMB). The financial statements are translated into United States
      dollars from RMB at year-end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities
      and average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. Capital accounts
      are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital
      transactions occurred.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized
      institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have
      been
 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the rates used in
      translation.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      compliance with Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales revenue is
      recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement
      exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 no
      other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectibility is
      reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria
      for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned
    revenue.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      goods
 net of a value-added tax (VAT). The Company allows its customers to
      return products if they are defective. However
 this rarely happens and
      amounts returned have been de minimis.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      direct sales to third party distributor model and issues 1% sales
      incentive to distributors. The Company modified its accounting policy for
      the recognition of revenue accordingly. Given the circumstances of how the
      Company conducts its incentive program
 the Company books the payments
      settled in cash as a contra account to Gross Revenue
 and includes the
      amount in its reported &#147;net revenue&#148;. The Company has considered the
      guidance in FASB ASC 605-50 (EITF 01-9) and will account for its sales
      incentive program accordingly.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
      outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by
      dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of ordinary
      shares outstanding and potential dilutive securities during the year.
      During the period ended December 31
 2012
 no warrants were issued nor
      options were granted. For the year ended December 31
 2010
 81
155
      warrants were issued to certain service providers. For the year ended
      December 31
 2009
 1
334
573 stock options were granted to employees
      pursuant to the Company&#146;s equity incentive plan; 2
255
024 warrants were
      issued to investors in connection with a PIPE financing. These warrants
      and options could be potentially dilutive if the market price of the
      Company&#146;s common stock exceeds the exercise price for these
    securities.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128
      &#147;Earnings per share&#148; (&#147;SFAS No. 128&#148;)
 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin
      No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). SFAS No. 128 requires companies with complex capital
      structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as the
      income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted
      average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar
      to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of
      potential common shares (e.g.
 convertible securities
 options
 and
      warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods
      presented
 or issuance date
 if later.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      (i.e.
 those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share)
      are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 including cash and
      equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
      accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 the carrying amounts approximate
      their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &#147;Fair
      Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#148; requires disclosure of the fair value
      of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial
      Instruments
&#148; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation
      hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances
      disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts
      reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current
      liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable
      estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between
      the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and
      their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation
      hierarchy are defined as follows:

  

  identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
  

  similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are
  observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for
  substantially the full term of the financial instrument.
  

  significant to the fair value measurement. 

instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
&#147;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&#148; and ASC 815. 

 2012 and December
31
 2011
 the Company did not identify any assets and liabilities that were
required to be presented on the balance sheet at fair value. 

Company&#146;s financial assets and liabilities at fair value in accordance to ASC
820-10: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




    




    




    




    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

345

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

345

    

    
    




998

    




    




    




998

    

    
    




344

    




    




    




344

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




    




    




    




    

    
    




    




    




    




    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




    




    




    




    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

353

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

353

    

    
    




017



















017




    
    




370

    




    




    




370

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

























    
    




    




    




    











style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are
      recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the
      amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions
      to owners. Among other disclosures
 all items that are required to be
      recognized under current accounting standards as components of
      comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement
      that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements.
      The Company&#146;s current component of other comprehensive income includes the
      foreign currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or
  loss.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 &#147;Reporting
      Comprehensive Income&#148;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and
      all changes to the statements of stockholders&#146; equity
 except the changes
      in paid- in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments
      by stockholders. Comprehensive income for the periods ended December 31
      2012 and 2011 included net income and foreign currency translation
      adjustments.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2012
 the FASB issued ASU 2012-02
      Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) &#150; Testing Indefinite-Lived
      Intangible Assets for Impairment. The ASU provides entities with an option
      to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether events or
      circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the
      indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If an entity concludes that
      it is more than 50% likely that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is
      not impaired
 no further analysis is required. However
 if an entity
      concludes otherwise
 it would be required to determine the fair value of
      the indefinite-lived intangible asset to measure the amount of actual
      impairment
 if any
 as currently required under US GAAP. The ASU is
      effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal
      years beginning after September 15
 2012. Early adoption is permitted. The
      adoption of this pronouncement will not have a material impact on its
      financial statements.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2012
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2012-04
The
      amendments cover a wide range of topics in the FASB ASC. The amendments
      are incorporated into two sections: a. Technical corrections and
      improvements
 and b. Conforming amendments related to fair value
      measurements.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      improvements section are categorized as follows:

  

  due to differences between source literature and the FASB ASC. The amendments
  primarily carry forward legacy document guidance and/or subsequent amendments
  into the FASB ASC. Often
 either writing style or phrasing in the legacy
  documents did not directly relate to the FASB ASC format and style so that the
  meaning of certain guidance might have been unintentionally altered.
  

  updated wording or corrected references
 or a combination of both.
  

  literature guidance from one location to another location that is deemed more
  appropriate within the FASB ASC. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

 the guidance in ASU
      2012-04 identifies when the use of the term &#147;fair value&#148; should be linked
      to the definition of fair value included in FASB ASC 820
 entitled Fair
      Value Measurement. Most of the amendments are of a nonsubstantive nature.
      Many of the amendments relate to conforming wording to be consistent with
      the terminology in FASB ASC 820 for example
 references to market value
      and current market value have been changed to appropriately refer to fair
      value so that the literature is consistent
throughout.

 the FASB issued ASU
No. 2012-06

at the Acquisition Date as a Result of a Government-Assisted Acquisition of a
Financial Institution&#148; (&#147;ASU 2012-06&#148;). 
indemnification assets recognized in accordance with Subtopic 805-20
 Business
Combinations&#151;Identifiable Assets and Liabilities
 and Any Noncontrolling
Interest
 as a result of a government-assisted acquisition of a financial
institution involving an indemnification agreement should be subsequently
measured on the same basis as the asset subject to indemnification. For public
and nonpublic entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal
years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after December
15
 2012. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a
significant effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial position or results
of operations. 

 2012
 there are no
other recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would have a
material effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements 

 the FASB issued ASU
No. 2013-01

Liabilities&#148; (&#147;ASU 2013-01&#148;).
receivables and receivables are not in the scope of Accounting Standards Update
No. 2011-11
 Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and
Liabilities. Specifically
 Update 2011-11 applies only to derivatives
repurchase agreements and reverse purchase agreements
 and securities borrowing
and securities lending transactions that are either offset in accordance with
 or
subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement. The amendments in
this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those
years
 beginning on or after January 1
 2013. Management does not expect the
adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated
financial position or results of operations. 

 the amendments
that are subject to the transition guidance is effective for fiscal periods
beginning after December 15
 2012. Management does not expect the adoption of
this standard has a significant effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial
position or results of operations. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      placed with banks to secure banking facilities in the form of loans and
      notes payable. The restriction of funds is based on time. The funds that
      collateralize loans are held for 60 days in savings account that pay
      interest at the prescribed national daily savings account rate. For funds
      that underline notes payable
 the cash is deposited in six month time
      deposits that pay interest at the national time deposit rate.
  
    
    
  
    
    
TRADE ACCOUNTS
RECEIVABLE

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

177
915

    
    

849
573

    

    
Allowance for doubtful accounts






    





    

    
    




734

    




469




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    






    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    




    




    

    
    





    





    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    

      to most of their domestic customers
 including supermarkets and
      wholesalers
 around 90 days to most of their international customers
 and
      between 0 to 15 days for most of the third-party distributors the Company
      works with.
  
    
    
  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      December 31
 2012 and 2011:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
















    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    













    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    




280







880




    


    




861

    




147




disbursements consisted of advances to employees for transportation
 meals
client entertainment
 commissions
 and procurement of certain raw materials. The
advances issued to employees may be carried for extended periods of time because
employees may spend several months out in the field working to procure new sales
contracts or fulfill existing contracts.

 the company uses every
available employee to arrange purchases with desirable chestnut or other raw
material growers. However
 because many of these growers are in rural farming
areas of China where traditional banking and credit arrangements are difficult
to implement
 the Company must utilize cash purchases and also must contract for
its future needs by placing a good faith deposit in cash with the growers.
However none of these advances to employees for delivery to the growers on
behalf of the Company are &#147;personal loans&#148; to the employees. Advances to
employees for purchase of materials in other receivables are adjusted to
advances to suppliers as of December 31
 2012.

the following as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    




    

070




    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    









    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    













    
    





    








advances issued by management for job or travel disbursement in the normal
course of business. The receivable had no impact on earnings. As with other
employees
 officers sign notes when cash is issued to them as job or travel
disbursement. 

for obtaining the long-term loan with DEG
 as noted in footnote 12
 Junan
Hongrun lent money to Mr. Chen
 Si and Ms. Liu
 Lihua to purchase life
insurance.

disclosed as other related receivables in other receivables. 

 2011
 the Company entered
into an agreement with Jiangsu Heng An Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. to
sell the Company&#146;s short-term investment in the amount of $ 7
764
577 (RMB
49
604
000) of a parcel of land located in Junan Town
 Shandong
      Province
 to construct residential buildings. The land was sold to Jiangsu
      Heng An at a total sale price of RMB 69
604
000 and a guaranteed gross
      profit of RMB 20
000
000 without consideration of profit/(loss) of the
      residential building project. The gain on the sale of the short-term
      investment excluding taxes payable was recorded as other income on the
      statements of income and comprehensive income. Title of the land
      transferred from the Company to Jiangsu Heng An with receipt of an initial
      deposit of RMB 15
000
000. As of December 31
 2012
 a total of RMB
      42
029
955 has been received and RMB 26
970
045 (USD 4
280
212) is
      classified as Other Receivable. According to the contract
 the Company
      will be entitled to receive RMB 9
000
000 within 5 days after the title
      transfer and construction approval is complete
 and RMB 27
000
000 within
      5 days after the residential building main frame is completed





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      2012 and 2011:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

700
879



    

470
187




    
    
    

371

    
    

878

    

    
    
    

072
704



    

348
997




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
  
    
    
  
    
    

 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following
      as of December 31
 2012 and 2011:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

730

    
    

509

    

    

 plant and




943






879




    
    
    

374

    
    

976

    

    
    













    
    





    





    

    
    
    

251
592



    

451
279




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    



911






141


  

    


    

108

    
    

303

    

    





842






988


  

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    













  

    
    




611

    




073

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




639

    




377




 plants
 and trees accounts
for the orchards that the Company has developed for agricultural operations.
These orchards as well as the young trees which were purchased as nursery stock
are capitalized into fixed assets. The depreciation is then calculated on a
30-year straight-line method when production in commercial quantities begins.
The orchards have begun production in small quantities and the Company has
accounted for depreciation commencing July 1
 2010. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
LAND USE RIGHTS
 NET
  
    
    
  
    
    

      31
 2012 and December 31
 2011

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 
    

192
379



    

134
845




    

 
    


    
    


    

    

 













    

 





    





    

    
    



300






242



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
:
      




004









  

    
    




296

    




425




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

      rights represent the Company&#146;s purchase of usage rights for a parcel of
      land for a specified duration of time
 typically 50 years. The land use
      rights are then amortized over the period of usage. Amortization expense
      for the periods ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $186
994 and
      $141
997
 respectively.
  
    
    
  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      December 31
 2012 and 2011:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loans from Junan County Construction
      Bank

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

479

    

    


    
    
    


    









    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

337

    

    


    
    
    


    





086




    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from Junan County Agriculture Bank

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    


    





148



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from Junan County Industrial and
China

    
    
    


    




    



    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

023

    

    


    
    
    


    









    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    


    
    
    


    





338




    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

574








style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




    





031





    



    


    
    
    
    

142

    
    
    
    

    




    










    



    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    




    





348





    


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from Linyi Commercial Bank



    




    




    



    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    




    




    





148




    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    




    




    









    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
 Linyi
      Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    





380






361



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from China Agricultural Bank
      Luotian Branch


    




    




    



    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    




    










    



    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    




    





110





    


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Bank of Beijing



    




    




    



    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    




    





269





    


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Shenzhen Development Bank



    




    




    



    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    




    




    









    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

361

    

    




    





110





    



    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    




    










    


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union



    




    




    



    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
Beijing Rural Commercial Bank
 Shilibao
      Branch

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

046

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Beijing International Trust Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    



587





    


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Weihai City Commercial Bank

    
    
    


    




    



    


    
    
    
    

174

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Bank of Ningbo 

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    



587





    


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Hankou Bank
 Guanshan Branch

    
    
    


    




    



    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    



587





    


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
China Agricultural Bank
 Shandong
      Branch
    
    
    


    




    



    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

574

    

    


    
    
    


    









    


    
    
    
    

174

    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    



587





    


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
China Everbright Bank
 Qingdao
      Branch
    
    
    


    




    



    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

148

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    









    



    
    
    


    




725

    




018




 which are
denominated in the functional currency Renminbi (RMB)
 were primarily obtained
for general working capital. If not otherwise indicated in the below remarks
  short-term loans are guaranteed by either companies within the group or  personnel who hold a management role within the group.
A: Accounts receivable in
the amount of was used as collateral for this loan. 
Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&#146;s factory was used as collateral for this loan 
Personal guarantee from Mr. Si Chen was used as collateral for this loan 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      31
 2012 and 2011:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

889



    

327




    
    
    

370

    
    

822

    

    
    













    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    













    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    













    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    















    
    




005

    




237




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      following as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
2011:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    




    

206




    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    













    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    













    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    













    
    





    





    

    
    











938




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      following as of December 31
 2012 and 2011:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loans from Luotian
      Agricultural Development Bank
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    










    



    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Entwicklungsgesellschaft
      mbH (&#147;DEG&#148;)


    




    



    


    

875

    
    
    
    

    





875





    



    
    
    

226

    
    









style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and 2011: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

097

    
    

597

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    






284

    




    

    
    




382

    




597




repaying the loan in semi-annual installments on September 15
 2012. As of
December 31
 2012
 the Company has repaid $1
875
000 in principal. The loan was
collateralized with the following terms: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


      amount of about USD 12
000
000 on its land and building in favor of DEG.
      

    
    


      in the sponsor in the amount of about USD 12
000
000 and being the
      majority shareholder in the sponsor in form and substance satisfactory to
      DEG 

    
    


      indicated in the Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a)) and the value of the
      pledged shares of Mr. Si Chen (Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a))) should
      be at least USD 24
000
000. 

    
    


      form and substance satisfactory to DEG. 

consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Note payable issued by Shanghai Pudong
      Development Bank
    
    
    
    
    
    

    






696

    


    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    







696

    




    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

      in the amount of RMB 20
540
158 as a compensating balance to the
  note.
  
    
    
  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2007
 the Company underwent a
      reverse-merger and a concurrent financing transaction that resulted in
      24
923
178 shares of outstanding common stock that remained unchanged
      until through December 31
 2007. In connection with the financing
 the
      Company also issued 1
037
858 and 489
330 warrants to the PIPE investors
      and placement agent
 respectively. During 2008
 several holders of
      warrants issued in connection with the financing transaction exercised
      their rights to purchase shares at the prescribed exercise price. The
      holders of the warrants exercised the right to purchase a total of 360
207
      shares; however
 because the holders did not pay in cash for the warrants
      110
752 of those shares were cancelled as consideration in lieu of the
      warrant holders paying in cash. Ultimately
 249
455 of new shares were
      issued to those who exercised their warrant. The Company also made an
      adjustment to its outstanding share count for rounding errors as result of
      the split and reverse splits made at the time of the reverse merger. The
      number of shares in the adjustment was an addition of seven shares. The
      Company believes the adjustment of seven shares is immaterial to both
      prior and current earnings per share calculation. As detailed in the table
      below
 the total number of outstanding shares at December 31
 2012 was
  34
616
714. 
  
    
    
  
    
    

 the Company issued 56
393 shares of
      stock to its employees and vendors and 5
011
169 shares to investors. The
      Company issued 1
334
573 stock options to employees on July 28
 2009;
      1
753
909 shares of Series A warrants and 501
115
shares of Series B warrants were issued to investors on October 28
 2009.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

 the Company
issued 2
000 shares to a service provider on February 10
 2010 and 81
155
warrants to various service providers on January 5
 2010. The Company issued to
investors 3
440
800 shares at an agreed price of $2.80 per share for a PIPE
financing on September 10
 2010. This financing brought $8
955
730 net proceeds
to the Company. The Company issued 5
000 shares to its employee on September 23
2010. 731
707 shares of restricted stock were issued to the owner of Shandong
Greenpia
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei on September 24
 2010 as part of acquisition cost.

 the Company
transferred 5
161
176 from retained earnings to additional paid up capital and
2
445
262 from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These transfers are to be
used for future company development
 recovery of losses and increase of capital
as approved
 to expand production or operations. 

 the Company
transferred 2
636
160 from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These
transfers are to be used for future company development
 recovery of losses and
increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand production or operations.

 2012
 the Company
issued 108
840 shares to its employees as employee stock compensation. The
Company transferred 2
264
420 from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These
transfers are to be used for future company development
 recovery of losses and
increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand production or operations. 




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    

000

    

172
640 

    
    
    

393 

    
    
    

011
169 

    
    
    

000 

    
    
    

440
800 

    
    
    

000 

    
    
    

707 

    
    
    

000 

    
    
    

092 

    
    
    

073 

    
    
    

840 

    
    
    

616
714 






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    





    &nbsp;1
037






    


    
    

    

334

    
    

    

753

    
    

    


    
    

    


    
    

    


    
    

    


    
    

    

197

    
    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      of Shandong Lorain held by the Shandong Economic Development Investment
      Corporation
 which is a state-owned interest.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      as of December 31
 2012 and 2011:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

101

    
    

263

    

    
    
    

575

    
    

887

    

    
    




996

    




070

    

    
    




673
463
    




222
106
    

following as of December 31
 2012 and 2011: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    

049

    
    

467

    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    

818

    
    

064

    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    

344

    
    

721

    

    
    
    


    
    

179

    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    

942

    
    

767

    

    
    
    

221

    
    

106

    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    

290

    
    

139

    

    
    
    

845

    
    

119

    

    
    
    


    
    

134

    

    
    
    


    
    

353

    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    

513

    
    

797

    

    
    





    





    

    
    




673
463
    




222
106
    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 and in
      accordance with the relevant tax laws and regulations of PRC
 the
      corporate income tax rate is 25%.
  
    
    
  
    
    

      differences between the statutory and effective tax expenses for the
      periods ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

283
824

    
    

870
041

    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    

481

    
    

903

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

737

    
    

824

    

    
    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




737

    




824

    
Per Share Effect of Tax
Exemption

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




533

    




445

    

    
    




    







statutory income tax rate and the Company&#146;s effective tax rate was as follows
for the periods ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




    




    

    
    




    




    

 2008
 the PRC
government implemented a new 25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises
regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday
which is defined as &#147;two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption&#148;
hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard 25%
tax rate
 tax holidays were terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC
government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises
already started tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the
tax holidays until being fully utilized.

asset as a result of its net operating loss in and before 2012 because the Company planned
to setup operations in the United States. The company anticipates that the
operations within the United States will generate income in the future so that
it will be able to take full advantage of the accrued asset. Accordingly the
Company has not provided a valuation allowances for the accrued tax asset. 

rates for its subsidiaries for 2012 and 2011 in the following table.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    




    



    
    




422

    




902

    

    






422







887



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    




    



    
    




422

    




887

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    






422

    




887

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    




    



    
    




533

    




445

    

    






533







445



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    




    



    
    




    





    

    






533







726



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    




    



    
    
    

533

    
    

445

    

    
    



533






726




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2009
 the Company&#146;s Board of Directors
      adopted the American Lorain Corporation 2009 Incentive Stock Plan (the
      &#147;Plan&#148;). The Plan provides that the maximum number of shares of the
      Company&#146;s common stock that may be issued under the Plan is 2
500
000
      shares. The Company&#146;s employees
 directors
 and service providers are
      eligible to participate in the Plan.
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2009
 the Company
      recorded a total of $166
346 of shared based compensation expense. The
      Company issued warrants that upon exercise would result in the issuance of
      1
334
573 common shares. These stock options vest over three years
 where
      33.33% vest annually. The expense related to the stock options was
      $107
375. The Company also recorded expense of $58
971 for the issuance of
      56
393 common shares to participants
 respectively. The common shares
      vested immediately. Given the materiality and nature of share based
      compensation
 the entire expense has been recorded as general and
      administrative expenses. For the year ended December 31
 2010
 the Company
      recorded a total of $890
209 stock option and its related general and
      administrative expenses.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

2012 and 2011
 the Company recorded a total of $503
493 and $644
243 stock
option and its related general and administrative expenses.

stock options granted since inception of the plan are shown in the following
table: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    

334
573 shares 

    
    
    

    
    
    

 2012
 the Company has yet to repatriate its earnings.  Accordingly it has not recognized any deferred tax assets or liability in regards to benefits derived from the issuance of stock options. 

Model to value the warrants granted. The following shows the weighted average
fair value of the grants and the assumptions that were employed in the model:


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      leasing a factory building located in Dongguan
 China. The lease was
      signed by Shandong Lorain on behalf of Dongguan Lorain and expires on
      August 9
 2018.
  
    
    
  
    
    

      December 31
 2012 are shown in the following
table:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    





    

    
    
    
    
    








December 31
 2012 was $514
917. 

this property at December 31
 2011 are shown in the following table:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    





    

    
    
    



    
    



    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

DECEMBER 31
 2012 AND 2011

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    

 2011
      was $599
176.
  
    
    
  
    
    
      

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 the age of account
      receivables have been less than one year indicating that the Company is
      subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      short term loans become due and require refinancing.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Accordingly
 the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
 and results of
      operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
 and
      legal environments in the PRC.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with
      companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks
      associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal
      environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&#146;s results may be
      adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in
      the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and
      regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances
      abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      by the PRC government. The Company has both a water treatment facility for
      water used in its production process and secure transportation to remove
      waste off site. In the event of an accident
 the Company has purchased
      insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local
      environment.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Historically inflation has not materially impacted the company&#146;s financial
      statements; however
 significant increases in the price of raw materials
      and labor that cannot be passed on the Company&#146;s customers could adversely
      impact the Company&#146;s results of operations.














   








style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    



    

    
    

    

  

    
    

    

  

    
    

    

  













   








Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-160822) and Form S-3 (No.
333-164605
 No. 333-169815
 and No. 333-163395) of American Lorain Corporation
of our report dated March 14
 2013 with respect to the consolidated financial
statements of American Lorain Corporation
 which report appears in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of American Lorain Corporation of the year ended December
31
 2012. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 





 Professional Corporation 


















   






Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to
Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as Adopted 
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 Si Chen
 the Chief Executive Officer of American Lorain
Corporation
 certify that: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 

  
    
    

      American Lorain Corporation;
  
    
    
  
    
    

 this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;
  
    
    
  
    
    

 the financial statements
 and
      other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this
      report;
  
    
    
  
    
    

      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13-a15(f) and 15d- 15(f)) for the registrant and
  have:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 

  
    
    
    

 or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us
      by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
      financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
      accepted accounting principles;
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal
      control over financial reporting; and

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 

  
    
    

      disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 

  
    
    
    

      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to
      record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 whether or not material
 that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting.

 2013 
/s/ Si
Chen&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;














   






Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to
Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) as Adopted 
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 David She
 the Chief Financial Officer of American Lorain
Corporation
 certify that: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 

  
    
    

      American Lorain Corporation;
  
    
    
  
    
    

 this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;
  
    
    
  
    
    

 the financial statements
 and
      other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this
      report;
  
    
    
  
    
    

      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13- a15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
  have:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 

  
    
    
    

 or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us
      by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
      financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
      accepted accounting principles;
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal
      control over financial reporting; and

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 

  
    
    

      disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee
      of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 

  
    
    
    

      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to
      record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 whether or not material
 that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting.

 2013 
/s/ David
She&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;














   






CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED


 Si Chen
 the Chief Executive Officer of
AMERICAN LORAIN CORPORATION (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 DO HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 

  
    
    
    
      December 31
 2012 (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 fully complies with the requirements


  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 in
      all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of
      the Company.

 each of the undersigned has executed this
statement this 31
/s/ Si
Si
Chen 

906 has been provided to American Lorain Corporation and will be retained by
American Lorain Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

and Exchange Commission pursuant to &#167;18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being
filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as
amended
 and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the
Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
 regardless of any general
incorporation language in such filing. 













   






CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED


 David She
 the Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer of AMERICAN LORAIN CORPORATION (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 DO HEREBY CERTIFY
that: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 

  
    

      
    
      December 31
 2012 (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 fully complies with the requirements


  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 in
      all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of
      the Company.

 each of the undersigned has executed this
statement this 31
/s/ David
David
(Principal Financial Officer)


906 has been provided to American Lorain Corporation and will be retained by
American Lorain Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

and Exchange Commission pursuant to &#167;18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being
filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as
amended
 and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the
Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
 regardless of any general
incorporation language in such filing. 



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;1.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;ORGANIZATION
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(a)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Organization history of American Lorain Corporation (formerly known as Millennium Quest
 Inc.)&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;American Lorain Corporation (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;ALN&amp;#8221;) was originally a Delaware corporation incorporated on February 4
 1986. From inception through May 3
 2007
 the Company did not engage in any active business operations other than in search and evaluation of potential business opportunity to become an acquiree of a reverse-merger deal. On May 3
 2007
 the Company entered into a share exchange agreement as described under &amp;#8220;Reverse-Merger&amp;#8221; below. On November 12
 2009
 the Company filed a statement of merger in the state of Nevada to transfer the Company&amp;#8217;s jurisdiction from Delaware to Nevada.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(b)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Organization History of International Lorain Holding Inc. and its subsidiaries&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            ALN owns
            100% of the equity of International Lorain Holding Inc. (&amp;#8220;ILH&amp;#8221;). ILH is a Cayman Islands company incorporated on August 4
 2006 and was wholly-owned by Mr. Hisashi Akazawa until May 3
 2007. ILH presently has two direct wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Junan Hongrun and Luotian Lorain
 and three indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries through Junan Hongrun
 which are Beijing Lorain
 Dongguan Lorain
 and Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Shandong Greenpia&amp;#8221;).
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            In addition
 the Company directly and indirectly has
            80.2% ownership of Shandong Lorain. The rest of the
            19.8%
 which is owned by the State under the name of Shandong Economic Development Investment Co. Ltd.
 is not included as a part of the Group.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            On April 9
 2009
 the Company
 through its Junan Hongrun subsidiary
 invested cash to establish Dongguan Lorain. Dongguan Lorain is indirectly
            100% beneficially owned by the Company.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            On June 28
 2010
 the Company signed an equity transfer agreement with Shandong Greenpia. Shandong Greenpia was originally directly owned by Taebong Inc. and Shandong Luan Trade Company. The Company paid $2
100
000
            to Korean Taebong Inc. for
            50% equity of Shandong Greenpia on September 20
 2010. On September 23
 2010
 the Company issued
            731
707
            shares of restricted stock at an agreed price of $2.87
            per share to the owner of Shandong Luan Trade Company
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei
 for the remaining
            50% equity of Shandong Greenpia. Since September 23
 2010
 Shandong Greenpia was directly owned by both Junan Hongrun and ILH. As a result
 Shandong Greenpia is
            100% owned by the Company. Accordingly
 the Company booked a gain of $383
482
            which is included in the statement of income as other income.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(c)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Reverse-Merger&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            On May 3
 2007
 the Company entered into a share exchange agreement with ILH whereby the Company consummated its acquisition of ILH by issuance of
            697
663
            Series B voting convertible preferred shares to the shareholders of ILH in exchange of
            5
099
503
            ILH shares. Concurrently on May 3
 2007
 the Company also entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain investors and Mr. Hisashi Akazawa and Mr. Si Chen (each a &amp;#8220;beneficial owner&amp;#8221;) whereby the Company issued
            319
913
            (after reverse-split at
            32.84
            from
            10
508
643) common shares to its shareholders as consideration of the Company&amp;#8217;s reverse-merger with Lorain.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;The share exchange transaction is sometimes referred to hereafter as the &amp;#8220;reverse-merger transaction.&amp;#8221; The share exchange transaction has been accounted for as a recapitalization of ALN where the Company (the legal acquirer) is considered the accounting acquiree and ILH (the acquiree) is considered the accounting acquirer. As a result of this transaction
 the Company is deemed to be a continuation of the business of ILH.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Accordingly
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements are those of the accounting acquirer
 ILH. The historical stockholders&amp;#8217; equity of the accounting acquirer prior to the share exchange has been retroactively restated as if the share exchange transaction occurred as of the beginning of the first period presented. See also Note 13 Capitalization.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(d)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Business Activities&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;The Company develops
 manufactures
 and sells convenience foods (including ready-to-cook (or RTC) foods; ready-to-eat (or RTE) foods and meals ready-to-eat (or MRE); chestnut products; and frozen foods
 in hundreds of varieties. The Company operates through indirect Chinese subsidiaries. The products are sold in domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan
 Korea and Europe.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(a)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Method of Accounting&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company maintains its general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management. Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and have been consistently applied in the presentation of financial statements
 which are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company regrouped certain accounts in its presentation of changes in assets and liabilities in the statement of cash flows for the period ended December 31
 2012 in order to be consistent with the presentation provided for the year ended December 31
 2011. There was no impact in earnings for the regrouping.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(b)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                The consolidated financial statements which include the Company and its subsidiaries are compiled in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The consolidated financial statements include
                100% of assets
 liabilities
 and net income or loss of those wholly-owned subsidiaries; ownership interests of minority investors are recorded as minority interests.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;As of December 31
 2012
 the detailed identities of the consolidating subsidiaries are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;Place of&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;Registered&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;Name of Company&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;incorporation&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;interest %&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;capital&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  80.2
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  12
837
397
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  4
019
743
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  47
483
773
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  1
587
024
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  2
437
670
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co

Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  158
702
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  49
386
219
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(c)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however actual results could differ materially from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(d)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(e)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Investment securities&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company classifies securities it holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified as available-for-sale.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Trading and available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other-than- temporary results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted over the life of the related available-for-sale security as an adjustment to yield using the effective-interest method. Dividend and interest income are recognized when earned.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(f)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Trade receivables are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(g)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Inventories consisting of finished goods and raw materials are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(h)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Customer deposits and advances to suppliers&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Customer deposits were received from customers in connection with orders of products to be delivered in future periods.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Advance to suppliers is a good faith deposit paid to the supplier for the purpose of committing the supplier to provide product promptly upon delivery of the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order for raw materials
 supplies
 equipment
 building materials etc. Pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s arrangements with its suppliers
 this deposit is generally
                20% of the total amount contracted for. This type of transaction is classified as a prepayment category under the account name &amp;#8220;Advance to Suppliers&amp;#8221; until such time as the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order is delivered
 at which point this account is reduced by reclassification of the applicable amount to the appropriate asset account such as inventory or fixed assets or construction in progress.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(i)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method with a salvage value of
                10%. Estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
                  40
                  years
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
                  30
                  years
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
                  10
                  years
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
                  10
                  years
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
                  5
                  years
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the statement of income. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to income as incurred
 whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(j)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Construction in progress represents direct and indirect construction or acquisition costs. The construction in progress is transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until the asset is completed and ready for intended use.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(k)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Land Use Rights&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over 40-50 years.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(l)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The long-lived assets held by the Company are reviewed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Subtopic 360-10-35
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
&amp;#8221; for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Impairment is present if carrying amount of an asset is less than its undiscounted cash flows to be generated.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;If an asset is considered impaired
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The Company believes no impairment has occurred to its assets during 2011 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(m)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Advertising&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All advertising costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(n)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Shipping and handling&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All shipping and handling are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(o)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Research and development&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All research and development costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(p)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Retirement benefits&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Retirement benefits in the form of contributions under defined contribution retirement plans to the relevant authorities are charged to the consolidated statement of income as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(q)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Income taxes&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company accounts for income tax using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company has implemented ASC Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; Income tax liabilities computed according to the United States and People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (PRC) tax laws are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consists of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to differences between the basis of fixed assets and intangible assets for financial and tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future income taxes. A valuation allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize that tax benefit
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Effective January 1
 2008
 PRC government implemented a new
                25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard
                25% tax rate
 tax holidays terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises already started tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until being fully utilized.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company is subject to United States Tax according to Internal Revenue Code Sections 951 and 957. Corporate income tax is imposed on progressive rates in the range of: -&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center colspan=4&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Taxable Income&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;
                    &lt;u&gt;Rate&lt;/u&gt;
                  &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;
                    &lt;u&gt;Over&lt;/u&gt;
                  &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;
                    &lt;u&gt;But Not Over&lt;/u&gt;
                  &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;
                    &lt;u&gt;Of Amount Over&lt;/u&gt;
                  &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                  15%
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  0
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  50
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  0
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;
                  25%
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  50
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  75
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  50
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                  34%
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  75
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  100
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  75
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;
                  39%
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  100
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  335
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  100
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                  34%
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  335
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  10
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  335
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;
                  35%
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  10
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  15
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  10
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                  38%
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  15
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  18
333
333
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
                  15
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;
                  35%
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  18
333
333
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(r)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Statutory reserves&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. The Company transferred $2
264
420
                and $2
636
160
                from retained earnings to statutory reserves for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit
 must appropriate
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
                10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
                50% of the enterprise&amp;#8217;s PRC registered capital.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(s)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The accompanying financial statements are presented in United States dollars. The functional currency of the Company is the Renminbi (RMB). The financial statements are translated into United States dollars from RMB at year-end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities and average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=16%&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=16%&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Year end RMB : US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=16%&gt;
                  6.3011
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=16%&gt;
                  6.3523
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Average yearly RMB : US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center width=16%&gt;
                  6.3034
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center width=16%&gt;
                  6.4544
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the rates used in translation.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(t)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectibility is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s revenue consists of invoiced value of goods
 net of a value-added tax (VAT). The Company allows its customers to return products if they are defective. However
 this rarely happens and amounts returned have been de minimis.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                The Company gradually switched its sales model from direct sales to third party distributor model and issues
                1% sales incentive to distributors. The Company modified its accounting policy for the recognition of revenue accordingly. Given the circumstances of how the Company conducts its incentive program
 the Company books the payments settled in cash as a contra account to Gross Revenue
 and includes the amount in its reported &amp;#8220;net revenue&amp;#8221;. The Company has considered the guidance in FASB ASC 605-50 (EITF 01-9) and will account for its sales incentive program accordingly.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(u)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding and potential dilutive securities during the year. During the period ended December 31
 2012
 no warrants were issued nor options were granted. For the year ended December 31
 2010
                81
155
                warrants were issued to certain service providers. For the year ended December 31
 2009
                1
334
573
                stock options were granted to employees pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s equity incentive plan;
                2
255
024
                warrants were issued to investors in connection with a PIPE financing. These warrants and options could be potentially dilutive if the market price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock exceeds the exercise price for these securities.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company computes earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128
 &amp;#8220;Earnings per share&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;SFAS No. 128&amp;#8221;)
 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#8220;SAB 98&amp;#8221;). SFAS No. 128 requires companies with complex capital structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g.
 convertible securities
 options
 and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented
 or issuance date
 if later.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Potential common shares that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e.
 those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(v)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 the carrying amounts approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&amp;#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments
&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;ul style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify&gt;
          &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&amp;#8221; and ASC 815.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 the Company did not identify any assets and liabilities that were required to be presented on the balance sheet at fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following tables present the Company&amp;#8217;s financial assets and liabilities at fair value in accordance to ASC 820-10:&lt;/p&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;At December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Quoted in&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;2012:&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Active Markets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;for Identical&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Observable&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Unobservable&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Financial assets:&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  32
345
603
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  32
345
603
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Restricted Cash&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  3
998
956
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  3
998
956
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Total financial assets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  36
344
559
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  36
344
559
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Financial liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Total financial liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;At December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Quoted in&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;2011:&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Active Markets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;for Identical&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Observable&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Unobservable&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Financial assets:&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  17
353
494
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  17
353
494
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  13
017
371
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  13
017
371
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Total financial assets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  30
370
865
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  30
370
865
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Financial liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left&gt;Total financial liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(w)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(x)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive income&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Comprehensive income is defined to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Among other disclosures
 all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Company&amp;#8217;s current component of other comprehensive income includes the foreign currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or loss.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company uses FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&amp;#8217; equity
 except the changes in paid- in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders. Comprehensive income for the periods ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 included net income and foreign currency translation adjustments.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(y)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                On July 27
 2012
 the FASB issued ASU 2012-02
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) &amp;#8211; Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment. The ASU provides entities with an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If an entity concludes that it is more than
                50% likely that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is not impaired
 no further analysis is required. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 it would be required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to measure the amount of actual impairment
 if any
 as currently required under US GAAP. The ASU is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this pronouncement will not have a material impact on its financial statements.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                In October
 2012
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2012-04
                &lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Technical Corrections and Improvements&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2012-04&amp;#8221;).&lt;/i&gt;
                The amendments cover a wide range of topics in the FASB ASC. The amendments are incorporated into two sections: a. Technical corrections and improvements
 and b. Conforming amendments related to fair value measurements.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;a.&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The amendments in the technical corrections and improvements section are categorized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;ul style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify&gt;
          &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;p style=margin-left: 15%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Source literature amendments. These amendments are considered necessary due to differences between source literature and the FASB ASC. The amendments primarily carry forward legacy document guidance and/or subsequent amendments into the FASB ASC. Often
 either writing style or phrasing in the legacy documents did not directly relate to the FASB ASC format and style so that the meaning of certain guidance might have been unintentionally altered.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;p style=margin-left: 15%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Guidance clarification and reference corrections. These amendments include updated wording or corrected references
 or a combination of both.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;p style=margin-left: 15%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Relocated guidance. These amendments primarily move authoritative literature guidance from one location to another location that is deemed more appropriate within the FASB ASC.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;b.&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;On the fair value measurements issue
 the guidance in ASU 2012-04 identifies when the use of the term &amp;#8220;fair value&amp;#8221; should be linked to the definition of fair value included in FASB ASC 820
 entitled Fair Value Measurement. Most of the amendments are of a nonsubstantive nature. Many of the amendments relate to conforming wording to be consistent with the terminology in FASB ASC 820 for example
 references to market value and current market value have been changed to appropriately refer to fair value so that the literature is consistent throughout.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          In October 2012
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2012-06
          &lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Subsequent Accounting for an Indemnification Asset Recognized at the Acquisition Date as a Result of a Government-Assisted Acquisition of a Financial Institution&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2012-06&amp;#8221;).&lt;/i&gt;
          This amendment requires that indemnification assets recognized in accordance with Subtopic 805-20
 Business Combinations&amp;#8212;Identifiable Assets and Liabilities
 and Any Noncontrolling Interest
 as a result of a government-assisted acquisition of a financial institution involving an indemnification agreement should be subsequently measured on the same basis as the asset subject to indemnification. For public and nonpublic entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after December 15
 2012. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2012
 there are no other recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          In January 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-01
          &lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Clarifying the Scope of Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2013-01&amp;#8221;).&lt;/i&gt;
          The Update clarifies that ordinary trade receivables and receivables are not in the scope of Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-11
 Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities. Specifically
 Update 2011-11 applies only to derivatives
 repurchase agreements and reverse purchase agreements
 and securities borrowing and securities lending transactions that are either offset in accordance with specific criteria contained in
          &lt;i&gt;FASB Accounting Standards Codification&amp;#174;&lt;/i&gt;
          or subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after January 1
 2013. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;For public entities
 the amendments that are subject to the transition guidance is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(a)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Method of Accounting&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company maintains its general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management. Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and have been consistently applied in the presentation of financial statements
 which are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company regrouped certain accounts in its presentation of changes in assets and liabilities in the statement of cash flows for the period ended December 31
 2012 in order to be consistent with the presentation provided for the year ended December 31
 2011. There was no impact in earnings for the regrouping.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(b)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            The consolidated financial statements which include the Company and its subsidiaries are compiled in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The consolidated financial statements include
            100% of assets
 liabilities
 and net income or loss of those wholly-owned subsidiaries; ownership interests of minority investors are recorded as minority interests.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;As of December 31
 2012
 the detailed identities of the consolidating subsidiaries are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Place of&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Registered&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Name of Company&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;incorporation&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;interest %&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;capital&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              80.2
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              12
837
397
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              4
019
743
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              47
483
773
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
587
024
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2
437
670
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co

Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              158
702
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              49
386
219
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(c)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however actual results could differ materially from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(d)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(e)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Investment securities&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company classifies securities it holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified as available-for-sale.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Trading and available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other-than- temporary results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted over the life of the related available-for-sale security as an adjustment to yield using the effective-interest method. Dividend and interest income are recognized when earned.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(f)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Trade receivables are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(g)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Inventories consisting of finished goods and raw materials are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(h)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Customer deposits and advances to suppliers&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Customer deposits were received from customers in connection with orders of products to be delivered in future periods.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Advance to suppliers is a good faith deposit paid to the supplier for the purpose of committing the supplier to provide product promptly upon delivery of the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order for raw materials
 supplies
 equipment
 building materials etc. Pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s arrangements with its suppliers
 this deposit is generally
            20% of the total amount contracted for. This type of transaction is classified as a prepayment category under the account name &amp;#8220;Advance to Suppliers&amp;#8221; until such time as the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order is delivered
 at which point this account is reduced by reclassification of the applicable amount to the appropriate asset account such as inventory or fixed assets or construction in progress.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(i)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method with a salvage value of
            10%. Estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
              40
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
              30
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
              10
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
              10
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
              5
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the statement of income. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to income as incurred
 whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(j)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Construction in progress represents direct and indirect construction or acquisition costs. The construction in progress is transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until the asset is completed and ready for intended use.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(k)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Land Use Rights&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over 40-50 years.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(l)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The long-lived assets held by the Company are reviewed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Subtopic 360-10-35
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
&amp;#8221; for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Impairment is present if carrying amount of an asset is less than its undiscounted cash flows to be generated.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;If an asset is considered impaired
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The Company believes no impairment has occurred to its assets during 2011 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(m)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Advertising&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All advertising costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(n)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Shipping and handling&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All shipping and handling are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(o)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Research and development&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All research and development costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(p)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Retirement benefits&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Retirement benefits in the form of contributions under defined contribution retirement plans to the relevant authorities are charged to the consolidated statement of income as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(q)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Income taxes&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company accounts for income tax using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company has implemented ASC Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; Income tax liabilities computed according to the United States and People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (PRC) tax laws are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consists of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to differences between the basis of fixed assets and intangible assets for financial and tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future income taxes. A valuation allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize that tax benefit
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Effective January 1
 2008
 PRC government implemented a new
            25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard
            25% tax rate
 tax holidays terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises already started tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until being fully utilized.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company is subject to United States Tax according to Internal Revenue Code Sections 951 and 957. Corporate income tax is imposed on progressive rates in the range of: -&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center colspan=4&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Taxable Income&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Rate&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Over&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;But Not Over&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Of Amount Over&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              15%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              0
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              50
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              0
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              50
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              75
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              50
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              34%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              75
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              100
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              75
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              39%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              100
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              335
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              100
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              34%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              335
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              10
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              335
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              35%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              10
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              15
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              10
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              38%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              15
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              18
333
333
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
              15
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              35%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              18
333
333
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(r)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Statutory reserves&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. The Company transferred $2
264
420
            and $2
636
160
            from retained earnings to statutory reserves for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit
 must appropriate
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
            10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
            50% of the enterprise&amp;#8217;s PRC registered capital.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(s)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The accompanying financial statements are presented in United States dollars. The functional currency of the Company is the Renminbi (RMB). The financial statements are translated into United States dollars from RMB at year-end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities and average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=16%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=16%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Year end RMB : US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=16%&gt;
              6.3011
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=16%&gt;
              6.3523
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Average yearly RMB : US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=16%&gt;
              6.3034
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=16%&gt;
              6.4544
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the rates used in translation.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(t)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectibility is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s revenue consists of invoiced value of goods
 net of a value-added tax (VAT). The Company allows its customers to return products if they are defective. However
 this rarely happens and amounts returned have been de minimis.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            The Company gradually switched its sales model from direct sales to third party distributor model and issues
            1% sales incentive to distributors. The Company modified its accounting policy for the recognition of revenue accordingly. Given the circumstances of how the Company conducts its incentive program
 the Company books the payments settled in cash as a contra account to Gross Revenue
 and includes the amount in its reported &amp;#8220;net revenue&amp;#8221;. The Company has considered the guidance in FASB ASC 605-50 (EITF 01-9) and will account for its sales incentive program accordingly.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(u)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding and potential dilutive securities during the year. During the period ended December 31
 2012
 no warrants were issued nor options were granted. For the year ended December 31
 2010
            81
155
            warrants were issued to certain service providers. For the year ended December 31
 2009
            1
334
573
            stock options were granted to employees pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s equity incentive plan;
            2
255
024
            warrants were issued to investors in connection with a PIPE financing. These warrants and options could be potentially dilutive if the market price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock exceeds the exercise price for these securities.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company computes earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128
 &amp;#8220;Earnings per share&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;SFAS No. 128&amp;#8221;)
 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#8220;SAB 98&amp;#8221;). SFAS No. 128 requires companies with complex capital structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g.
 convertible securities
 options
 and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented
 or issuance date
 if later.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Potential common shares that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e.
 those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(v)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 the carrying amounts approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&amp;#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments
&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;ul style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;/ul&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&amp;#8221; and ASC 815.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 the Company did not identify any assets and liabilities that were required to be presented on the balance sheet at fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following tables present the Company&amp;#8217;s financial assets and liabilities at fair value in accordance to ASC 820-10:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;At December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Quoted in&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;2012:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Active Markets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;for Identical&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Observable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Unobservable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Financial assets:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              32
345
603
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              32
345
603
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Restricted Cash&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
998
956
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
998
956
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Total financial assets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              36
344
559
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              36
344
559
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Financial liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Total financial liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;At December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Quoted in&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;2011:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Active Markets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;for Identical&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Observable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Unobservable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Financial assets:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              17
353
494
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              17
353
494
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              13
017
371
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              13
017
371
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Total financial assets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              30
370
865
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              30
370
865
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Financial liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Total financial liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(w)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(x)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive income&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Comprehensive income is defined to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Among other disclosures
 all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Company&amp;#8217;s current component of other comprehensive income includes the foreign currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or loss.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company uses FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&amp;#8217; equity
 except the changes in paid- in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders. Comprehensive income for the periods ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 included net income and foreign currency translation adjustments.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(y)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On July 27
 2012
 the FASB issued ASU 2012-02
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) &amp;#8211; Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment. The ASU provides entities with an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If an entity concludes that it is more than
            50% likely that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is not impaired
 no further analysis is required. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 it would be required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to measure the amount of actual impairment
 if any
 as currently required under US GAAP. The ASU is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this pronouncement will not have a material impact on its financial statements.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            In October
 2012
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2012-04
            &lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Technical Corrections and Improvements&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2012-04&amp;#8221;).&lt;/i&gt;
            The amendments cover a wide range of topics in the FASB ASC. The amendments are incorporated into two sections: a. Technical corrections and improvements
 and b. Conforming amendments related to fair value measurements.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;a.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The amendments in the technical corrections and improvements section are categorized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;ul style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 15%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Source literature amendments. These amendments are considered necessary due to differences between source literature and the FASB ASC. The amendments primarily carry forward legacy document guidance and/or subsequent amendments into the FASB ASC. Often
 either writing style or phrasing in the legacy documents did not directly relate to the FASB ASC format and style so that the meaning of certain guidance might have been unintentionally altered.&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 15%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Guidance clarification and reference corrections. These amendments include updated wording or corrected references
 or a combination of both.&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 15%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Relocated guidance. These amendments primarily move authoritative literature guidance from one location to another location that is deemed more appropriate within the FASB ASC.&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;/ul&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;b.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;On the fair value measurements issue
 the guidance in ASU 2012-04 identifies when the use of the term &amp;#8220;fair value&amp;#8221; should be linked to the definition of fair value included in FASB ASC 820
 entitled Fair Value Measurement. Most of the amendments are of a nonsubstantive nature. Many of the amendments relate to conforming wording to be consistent with the terminology in FASB ASC 820 for example
 references to market value and current market value have been changed to appropriately refer to fair value so that the literature is consistent throughout.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In October 2012
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2012-06
      &lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Subsequent Accounting for an Indemnification Asset Recognized at the Acquisition Date as a Result of a Government-Assisted Acquisition of a Financial Institution&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2012-06&amp;#8221;).&lt;/i&gt;
      This amendment requires that indemnification assets recognized in accordance with Subtopic 805-20
 Business Combinations&amp;#8212;Identifiable Assets and Liabilities
 and Any Noncontrolling Interest
 as a result of a government-assisted acquisition of a financial institution involving an indemnification agreement should be subsequently measured on the same basis as the asset subject to indemnification. For public and nonpublic entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after December 15
 2012. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2012
 there are no other recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In January 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-01
      &lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Clarifying the Scope of Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2013-01&amp;#8221;).&lt;/i&gt;
      The Update clarifies that ordinary trade receivables and receivables are not in the scope of Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-11
 Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities. Specifically
 Update 2011-11 applies only to derivatives
 repurchase agreements and reverse purchase agreements
 and securities borrowing and securities lending transactions that are either offset in accordance with specific criteria contained in
      &lt;i&gt;FASB Accounting Standards Codification&amp;#174;&lt;/i&gt;
      or subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after January 1
 2013. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;For public entities
 the amendments that are subject to the transition guidance is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Place of&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Registered&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Name of Company&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;incorporation&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;interest %&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;capital&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          80.2
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          12
837
397
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          4
019
743
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          47
483
773
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
587
024
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2
437
670
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co

Ltd&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          158
702
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          49
386
219
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
          40
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
          30
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
          10
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
          10
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
          5
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center colspan=4&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Taxable Income&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Rate&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Over&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;But Not Over&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Of Amount Over&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          15%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
          0
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
          50
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
          0
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          50
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          75
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          50
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          34%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
          75
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
          100
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
          75
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          39%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          100
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          335
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          100
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          34%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
          335
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
          10
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
          335
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          35%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          10
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          15
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          10
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          38%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
          15
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
          18
333
333
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=13%&gt;
          15
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          35%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          18
333
333
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=16%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=16%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Year end RMB : US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=16%&gt;
          6.3011
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=16%&gt;
          6.3523
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Average yearly RMB : US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=16%&gt;
          6.3034
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=16%&gt;
          6.4544
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;At December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Quoted in&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;2012:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Active Markets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;for Identical&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Observable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Unobservable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Financial assets:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          32
345
603
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          32
345
603
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Restricted Cash&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
998
956
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
998
956
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Total financial assets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          36
344
559
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          36
344
559
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Financial liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Total financial liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;At December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Quoted in&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;2011:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Active Markets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;for Identical&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Observable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Unobservable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=10%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Financial assets:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          17
353
494
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          17
353
494
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          13
017
371
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          13
017
371
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Total financial assets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          30
370
865
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          30
370
865
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Financial liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Total financial liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;RESTRICTED CASH&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              Restricted Cash represents interest bearing deposits placed with banks to secure banking facilities in the form of loans and notes payable. The restriction of funds is based on time. The funds that collateralize loans are held for
              60
              days in savings account that pay interest at the prescribed national daily savings account rate. For funds that underline notes payable
 the cash is deposited in six month time deposits that pay interest at the national time deposit rate.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;TRADE ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                49
177
915
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                41
849
573
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
                Allowance for doubtful accounts
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (443
898
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (379
693
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                48
734
017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                41
469
880
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Allowance for bad debt:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (379
693
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (335
902
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Additions to allowance&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (64
205
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (43
791
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Bad debt written-off&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Ending balance&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (443
898
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (379
693
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              The Company offers credit terms of between
              30
              to
              60
              days to most of their domestic customers
 including supermarkets and wholesalers
 around
              90
              days to most of their international customers
 and between
              0
              to
              15
              days for most of the third-party distributors the Company works with.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            49
177
915
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            41
849
573
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
            Allowance for doubtful accounts
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (443
898
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (379
693
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            48
734
017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            41
469
880
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Allowance for bad debt:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (379
693
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (335
902
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Additions to allowance&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (64
205
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (43
791
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Bad debt written-off&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Ending balance&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (443
898
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (379
693
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;OTHER RECEIVABLES&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Other receivables consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Advances to employees for job/travel disbursements&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                79
367
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                577
237
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Amount due by a non-related enterprise&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                326
270
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                157
424
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other non-related receivables&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                76
168
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                319
639
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other related receivables&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                99
263
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                213
128
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Short-term investment sale receivable&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
280
212
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
880
122
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
861
280
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6
147
550
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Advances to employees for job/travel disbursements consisted of advances to employees for transportation
 meals
 client entertainment
 commissions
 and procurement of certain raw materials. The advances issued to employees may be carried for extended periods of time because employees may spend several months out in the field working to procure new sales contracts or fulfill existing contracts.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Specifically
 the company uses every available employee to arrange purchases with desirable chestnut or other raw material growers. However
 because many of these growers are in rural farming areas of China where traditional banking and credit arrangements are difficult to implement
 the Company must utilize cash purchases and also must contract for its future needs by placing a good faith deposit in cash with the growers. However none of these advances to employees for delivery to the growers on behalf of the Company are &amp;#8220;personal loans&amp;#8221; to the employees. Advances to employees for purchase of materials in other receivables are adjusted to advances to suppliers as of December 31
 2012.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Related party receivable consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Chen
 Si&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                67
523
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                133
070
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Lu
 Yundong&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                896
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Liu
 Lihua&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                78
712
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;You
 Huadong&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                31
740
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Junan Hot &amp;amp; Roll Fast Food&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                450
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                99
263
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                213
128
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Related party receivable represented advances issued by management for job or travel disbursement in the normal course of business. The receivable had no impact on earnings. As with other employees
 officers sign notes when cash is issued to them as job or travel disbursement.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In order to satisfy certain criteria for obtaining the long-term loan with DEG
 as noted in footnote 12
 Junan Hongrun lent money to Mr. Chen
 Si and Ms. Liu
 Lihua to purchase life insurance.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Related party receivable amounts are disclosed as other related receivables in other receivables.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On March 13
 2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with Jiangsu Heng An Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. to sell the Company&amp;#8217;s short-term investment in the amount of $7
764
577
      (RMB49
604
000) of a parcel of land located in Junan Town
 Shandong Province
 to construct residential buildings. The land was sold to Jiangsu Heng An at a total sale price of RMB69
604
000
      and a guaranteed gross profit of RMB20
000
000
      without consideration of profit/(loss) of the residential building project. The gain on the sale of the short-term investment excluding taxes payable was recorded as other income on the statements of income and comprehensive income. Title of the land transferred from the Company to Jiangsu Heng An with receipt of an initial deposit of RMB15
000
000. As of December 31
 2012
 a total of RMB42
029
955
      has been received and RMB26
970
045
      (USD4
280
212) is classified as Other Receivable. According to the contract
 the Company will be entitled to receive RMB9
000
000
      within
      5
      days after the title transfer and construction approval is complete
 and RMB27
000
000
      within
      5
      days after the residential building main frame is completed


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Advances to employees for job/travel disbursements&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            79
367
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            577
237
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Amount due by a non-related enterprise&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            326
270
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            157
424
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other non-related receivables&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            76
168
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            319
639
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other related receivables&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            99
263
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            213
128
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Short-term investment sale receivable&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
280
212
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
880
122
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
861
280
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6
147
550
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Chen
 Si&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            67
523
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            133
070
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Lu
 Yundong&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            896
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Liu
 Lihua&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            78
712
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;You
 Huadong&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            31
740
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Junan Hot &amp;amp; Roll Fast Food&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            450
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            99
263
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            213
128
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Inventories consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                18
700
879
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                10
470
187
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
371
825
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                23
878
810
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
072
704
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
348
997
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            18
700
879
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            10
470
187
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
371
825
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            23
878
810
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
072
704
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
348
997
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                78
730
172
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                75
509
164
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                7
943
605
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                7
879
579
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                11
374
635
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                10
976
564
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                363
306
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                618
558
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                839
874
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                467
415
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                99
251
592
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                95
451
279
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
                Accumulated depreciation
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (5
911
971
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (4
141
133
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (2
108
661
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (1
303
707
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (5
842
946
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (4
988
873
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (221
800
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (391
272
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (526
487
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (248
987
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (14
611
866
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (11
073
972
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                84
639
726
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                84
377
306
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Landscaping
 plants
 and trees accounts for the orchards that the Company has developed for agricultural operations. These orchards as well as the young trees which were purchased as nursery stock are capitalized into fixed assets. The depreciation is then calculated on a 30-year straight-line method when production in commercial quantities begins. The orchards have begun production in small quantities and the Company has accounted for depreciation commencing July 1


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            78
730
172
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            75
509
164
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            7
943
605
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            7
879
579
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            11
374
635
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            10
976
564
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            363
306
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            618
558
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            839
874
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            467
415
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            99
251
592
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            95
451
279
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
            Accumulated depreciation
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (5
911
971
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (4
141
133
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (2
108
661
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (1
303
707
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (5
842
946
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (4
988
873
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (221
800
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (391
272
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (526
487
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (248
987
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (14
611
866
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (11
073
972
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            84
639
726
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            84
377
306
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;LAND USE RIGHTS
 NET&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              Land use rights consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
              &lt;sup&gt;:&lt;/sup&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                Land use rights
                &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6
192
379
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6
134
845
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                Utilities rights
                &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                49
368
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                48
972
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                Software
                &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                57
695
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                57
230
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                Patent
                &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
497
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
485
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6
300
939
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6
242
530
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
                Accumulated amortization
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (1
004
271
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (817
278
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
296
668
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
425
252
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              All lands are owned by the government in China. Land use rights represent the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase of usage rights for a parcel of land for a specified duration of time
 typically
              50
              years. The land use rights are then amortized over the period of usage. Amortization expense for the periods ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $186
994
              and $141
997
 respectively.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            Land use rights
            &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6
192
379
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6
134
845
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            Utilities rights
            &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            49
368
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            48
972
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            Software
            &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            57
695
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            57
230
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            Patent
            &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
497
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
485
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6
300
939
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6
242
530
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
            Accumulated amortization
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (1
004
271
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (817
278
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
296
668
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
425
252
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;SHORT-TERM BANK LOANS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Short-term bank loans consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Remark&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loans from Junan County Construction Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.710% per annum due 1/25/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
479
779
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.100% per annum due 2/19/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              944
540
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              7.015% per annum due 6/7/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
337
374
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.666% per annum due 11/5/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
086
221
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.666% per annum due 11/23/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              787
116
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loan from Junan County Agriculture Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              7.320% per annum due 1/10/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
148
466
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loan from Junan County Industrial and Commercial Bank of&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;China
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.405% per annum due 4/9/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
023
251
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.405% per annum due 4/24/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              550
982
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.410% per annum due 4/24/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              629
693
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.410% per annum due 5/10/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
338
098
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.410% per annum due 6/12/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
574
233
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.44% per annum; due 1/8/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
031
566
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              5.88% per annum; due 4/10/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
142
658
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              5.88% per annum; due 4/19/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              999
825
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              5.88% per annum; due 4/24/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;A&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              634
810
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              5.88% per annum; due 5/17/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
348
971
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loan from Linyi Commercial Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              12.201% per annum due 1/10/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              708
405
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              11.152% per annum due 12/11/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
148
466
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              12.201% per annum due 12/13/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              787
116
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              12.136% per annum due 12/29/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              708
405
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              12.136% per annum due 1/10/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              714
161
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
 Linyi Branch&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              7.8% per annum due 8/29/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2
380
537
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2
361
349
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Agricultural Bank
 Luotian Branch&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.372% per annum due 9/12/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              944
540
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              8.4% per annum due 3/3/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              158
702
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              8.4% per annum due 6/3/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              317
405
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              8.4% per annum due 9/3/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
110
917
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Bank of Beijing
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.672% per annum due 11/16/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              629
693
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Variable Interest rate
 due 6/29/2013&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
269
620
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Shenzhen Development Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.710% per annum due 2/13/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              236
135
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.710% per annum due 3/15/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              787
116
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.435% per annum due 6/8/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2
361
349
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.16% per annum due 1/30/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
110
917
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.04% per annum due 9/6/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              793
512
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.71% per annum due 10/23/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              634
810
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              9.360% per annum due 1/6/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              952
215
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Beijing Rural Commercial Bank
 Shilibao Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              7.434% per annum due 9/6/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2
046
503
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Beijing International Trust Co.
 Ltd.
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Variable interest rate
 due 9/16/2013&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
587
024
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Weihai City Commercial Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.90% per annum due 3/7/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
174
049
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Bank of Ningbo 
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.71% per annum due 9/27/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
587
024
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Hankou Bank
 Guanshan Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.00% per annum due 9/6/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              793
512
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.60% per annum due 9/14/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
587
024
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;China Agricultural Bank
 Shandong Branch&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              7.544% per annum due 12/23/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
574
233
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              7.544% per annum due 12/29/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              676
920
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              10.2% per annum due 7/16/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;C&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
174
049
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              7.2% per annum due 8/29/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;B&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
587
024
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;China Everbright Bank
 Qingdao Branch&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              7.930% per annum due 11/9/2012
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
148
467
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Postal Savings Bank of China&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.60% per annum due 11/26/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              634
810
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              28
725
143
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              36
018
450
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The short-term loans
 which are denominated in the functional currency Renminbi (RMB)
 were primarily obtained for general working capital. If not otherwise indicated in the below remarks
 short-term loans are guaranteed by either companies within the group or personnel who hold a management role within the group.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Remark:
      &lt;br/&gt;
      A: Accounts receivable in the amount of was used as collateral for this loan.
      &lt;br/&gt;
      B: Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&amp;#8217;s factory was used as collateral for this loan
      &lt;br/&gt;
      C: Personal guarantee from Mr. Si Chen was used as collateral for this loan


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Remark&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loans from Junan County Construction Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.710% per annum due 1/25/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
479
779
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.100% per annum due 2/19/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          944
540
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          7.015% per annum due 6/7/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
337
374
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.666% per annum due 11/5/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
086
221
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.666% per annum due 11/23/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          787
116
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loan from Junan County Agriculture Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          7.320% per annum due 1/10/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
148
466
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loan from Junan County Industrial and Commercial Bank of&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;China
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.405% per annum due 4/9/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
023
251
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.405% per annum due 4/24/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          550
982
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.410% per annum due 4/24/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          629
693
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.410% per annum due 5/10/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
338
098
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.410% per annum due 6/12/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
574
233
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.44% per annum; due 1/8/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
031
566
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          5.88% per annum; due 4/10/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
142
658
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          5.88% per annum; due 4/19/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          999
825
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          5.88% per annum; due 4/24/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;A&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          634
810
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          5.88% per annum; due 5/17/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
348
971
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loan from Linyi Commercial Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          12.201% per annum due 1/10/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          708
405
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          11.152% per annum due 12/11/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
148
466
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          12.201% per annum due 12/13/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          787
116
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          12.136% per annum due 12/29/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          708
405
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          12.136% per annum due 1/10/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          714
161
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
 Linyi Branch&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          7.8% per annum due 8/29/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2
380
537
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2
361
349
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Agricultural Bank
 Luotian Branch&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.372% per annum due 9/12/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          944
540
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          8.4% per annum due 3/3/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          158
702
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          8.4% per annum due 6/3/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          317
405
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          8.4% per annum due 9/3/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
110
917
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Bank of Beijing
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.672% per annum due 11/16/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          629
693
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Variable Interest rate
 due 6/29/2013&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
269
620
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Shenzhen Development Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.710% per annum due 2/13/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          236
135
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.710% per annum due 3/15/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          787
116
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.435% per annum due 6/8/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2
361
349
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.16% per annum due 1/30/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
110
917
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.04% per annum due 9/6/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          793
512
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.71% per annum due 10/23/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          634
810
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          9.360% per annum due 1/6/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          952
215
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Beijing Rural Commercial Bank
 Shilibao Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          7.434% per annum due 9/6/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2
046
503
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Beijing International Trust Co.
 Ltd.
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Variable interest rate
 due 9/16/2013&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
587
024
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Weihai City Commercial Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.90% per annum due 3/7/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
174
049
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Bank of Ningbo 
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.71% per annum due 9/27/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
587
024
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Hankou Bank
 Guanshan Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.00% per annum due 9/6/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          793
512
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.60% per annum due 9/14/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
587
024
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;China Agricultural Bank
 Shandong Branch&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          7.544% per annum due 12/23/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
574
233
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          7.544% per annum due 12/29/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          676
920
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          10.2% per annum due 7/16/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;C&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
174
049
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          7.2% per annum due 8/29/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;B&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
587
024
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;China Everbright Bank
 Qingdao Branch&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          7.930% per annum due 11/9/2012
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
148
467
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Postal Savings Bank of China&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.60% per annum due 11/26/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          634
810
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          28
725
143
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          36
018
450
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;TAXES PAYABLES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Taxes payable consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Value added tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              428
889
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              255
327
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Corporate income tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
370
655
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
822
321
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Employee payroll tax withholding&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
936
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6
105
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Property tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              55
877
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              46
192
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Stamp tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
440
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              9
369
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Business tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              154
112
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              152
869
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Land use tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              65
525
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              23
988
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Import tariffs&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              454
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
956
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Capital gain tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              923
458
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              916
015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              5
005
346
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
237
142
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Value added tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          428
889
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          255
327
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Corporate income tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
370
655
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
822
321
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Employee payroll tax withholding&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
936
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6
105
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Property tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          55
877
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          46
192
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Stamp tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
440
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          9
369
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Business tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          154
112
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          152
869
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Land use tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          65
525
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          23
988
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Import tariffs&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          454
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
956
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Capital gain tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          923
458
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          916
015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          5
005
346
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
237
142
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER PAYABLE&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Accrued expenses and other payables consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Accrued salaries and wages&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
174
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                774
206
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Accrued utility expenses&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                55
639
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                74
927
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Accrued interest expenses&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                219
630
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                303
701
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Accrued transportation expenses&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                290
228
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                172
094
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Other accruals&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                103
827
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                95
371
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Business and other taxes&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                182
378
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                422
100
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Disbursement payable&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                87
078
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
804
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Accrued staff welfare&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                37
843
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                57
554
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                979
797
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
938
759
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Accrued salaries and wages&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
174
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            774
206
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Accrued utility expenses&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            55
639
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            74
927
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Accrued interest expenses&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            219
630
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            303
701
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Accrued transportation expenses&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            290
228
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            172
094
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Other accruals&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            103
827
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            95
371
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Business and other taxes&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            182
378
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            422
100
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Disbursement payable&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            87
078
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
804
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Accrued staff welfare&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            37
843
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            57
554
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            979
797
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
938
759
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;LONG-TERM DEBT&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Current portions of long-term debt consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loans from Luotian Agricultural Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              0.6700% per annum were due 12/11/2010
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              57
066
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loans from China Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              7.07% per annum due 5/20/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              158
702
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              7.07% per annum due 11/20/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              317
405
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              5.510% per annum due 3/15/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
875
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              5.510% per annum due 9/15/2013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
875
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
226
107
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              57
066
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Non-current portions of long-term debt consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              5.510% per annum due 9/16/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              10
097
340
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              15
597
831
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loans from China Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              7.07% per annum due 9/24/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
284
966
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              14
382
306
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              15
597
831
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Company&amp;#8217;s loan with DEG began repaying the loan in semi-annual installments on September 15
 2012. As of December 31
 2012
 the Company has repaid $1
875
000
      in principal. The loan was collateralized with the following terms:
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(a.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            Create and register a first ranking mortgage in the amount of about USD12
000
000
            on its land and building in favor of DEG.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(b.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            Undertake to provide a share pledge of Mr. Si Chen shares in the sponsor in the amount of about USD12
000
000
            and being the majority shareholder in the sponsor in form and substance satisfactory to DEG
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(c.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            The total amount of the first ranking mortgage as indicated in the Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a)) and the value of the pledged shares of Mr. Si Chen (Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a))) should be at least USD24
000
000.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(d.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Undertake to provide a guarantee from the Shareholder in form and substance satisfactory to DEG.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Non-current portions of notes payable consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Note payable issued by Shanghai Pudong Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              5.9% per annum due 12/28/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
              12
696
196
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
              12
696
196
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            The note was collateralized by a restricted cash deposit in the amount of RMB20
540
158
            as a compensating balance to the note.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loans from Luotian Agricultural Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          0.6700% per annum were due 12/11/2010
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          57
066
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loans from China Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          7.07% per annum due 5/20/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          158
702
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          7.07% per annum due 11/20/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          317
405
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          5.510% per annum due 3/15/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
875
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          5.510% per annum due 9/15/2013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
875
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
226
107
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          57
066
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          5.510% per annum due 9/16/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          10
097
340
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          15
597
831
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loans from China Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          7.07% per annum due 9/24/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
284
966
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          14
382
306
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          15
597
831
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Note payable issued by Shanghai Pudong Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          5.9% per annum due 12/28/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
          12
696
196
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
          12
696
196
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;13.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;CAPITALIZATION&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            Dating back to May 3
 2007
 the Company underwent a reverse-merger and a concurrent financing transaction that resulted in
            24
923
178
            shares of outstanding common stock that remained unchanged until through December 31
 2007. In connection with the financing
 the Company also issued
            1
037
858
            and
            489
330
            warrants to the PIPE investors and placement agent
 respectively. During 2008
 several holders of warrants issued in connection with the financing transaction exercised their rights to purchase shares at the prescribed exercise price. The holders of the warrants exercised the right to purchase a total of
            360
207
            shares; however
 because the holders did not pay in cash for the warrants
            110
752
            of those shares were cancelled as consideration in lieu of the warrant holders paying in cash. Ultimately
            249
455
            of new shares were issued to those who exercised their warrant. The Company also made an adjustment to its outstanding share count for rounding errors as result of the split and reverse splits made at the time of the reverse merger. The number of shares in the adjustment was an addition of seven shares. The Company believes the adjustment of seven shares is immaterial to both prior and current earnings per share calculation. As detailed in the table below
 the total number of outstanding shares at December 31
 2012 was
            34
616
714.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            During the year 2009
 the Company issued
            56
393
            shares of stock to its employees and vendors and
            5
011
169
            shares to investors. The Company issued
            1
334
573
            stock options to employees on July 28
 2009;
            1
753
909
            shares of Series A warrants and
            501
115
            shares of Series B warrants were issued to investors on October 28
 2009.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      During the year 2010
 the Company issued 2
000 shares to a service provider on February 10
 2010 and
      81
155
      warrants to various service providers on January 5
 2010. The Company issued to investors
      3
440
800
      shares at an agreed price of $2.80
      per share for a PIPE financing on September 10
 2010. This financing brought $8
955
730
      net proceeds to the Company. The Company issued
      5
000
      shares to its employee on September 23
 2010.
      731
707
      shares of restricted stock were issued to the owner of Shandong Greenpia
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei on September 24
 2010 as part of acquisition cost.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the year 2010
 the Company transferred
      5
161
176
      from retained earnings to additional paid up capital and
      2
445
262
      from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These transfers are to be used for future company development
 recovery of losses and increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand production or operations.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the year 2011
 the Company transferred
      2
636
160
      from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These transfers are to be used for future company development
 recovery of losses and increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand production or operations.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      As of December 31
 2012
 the Company issued
      108
840
      shares to its employees as employee stock compensation. The Company transferred
      2
264
420
      from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These transfers are to be used for future company development
 recovery of losses and increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand production or operations.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=center style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      American Lorain Corporation
      &lt;br/&gt;
      Capitalization Reconciliation Table
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div align=right&gt;
                  &lt;table border=1 cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=95%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;Par value authorized&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;Issuance date&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;Shares outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Common stock at 1/1/2009&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                200
000
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                25
172
640
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to employees and vendors during 2009&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;Various dates&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                56
393
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to PIPE investors&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                5
011
169
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to service provider during 2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;2/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                2
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to PIPE investors&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;9/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                3
440
800
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to employee&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;9/23/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                5
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued as acquisition consideration&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;9/24/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                731
707
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to service provider during 2011&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;5/5/2011&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                25
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;7/20/2011&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                27
092
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;11/21/2011&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                36
073
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;10/5/2012&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                108
840
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Common stock at 12/31/2012&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                34
616
714
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;br/&gt;
                Warrants and options
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=13%&gt;
                Number of warrants
                &lt;br/&gt;
                or options
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=13%&gt;
                &lt;br/&gt;
                Issuance date
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=13%&gt;
                &lt;br/&gt;
                Expiration date
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;Warrants issued to investors in 2007 PIPE&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=13%&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;
                1
037
858
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=13%&gt;5/3/2007&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=13%&gt;5/2/2010&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Warrants issued to placement agent in 2007 PIPE&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                489
330
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;5/3/2007&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;5/2/2010&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Employee stock options&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                1
334
573
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;7/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;7/27/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Warrants issued to investors in 2009 PIPE - Series A&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                1
753
909
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;4/28/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Warrants issued to investors in 2009 PIPE - Series B&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                501
115
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;10/28/2012&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Issued to service provider A during 2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                50
722
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;1/5/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;1/2/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Issued to service provider B during 2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                20
289
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;1/5/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;1/2/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Issued to service provider C during 2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                10
144
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;1/5/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;1/2/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Total warrants and options&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
                5
197
940
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;Par value authorized&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;Issuance date&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=13%&gt;Shares outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Common stock at 1/1/2009&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          200
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          25
172
640
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to employees and vendors during 2009&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;Various dates&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          56
393
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to PIPE investors&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          5
011
169
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to service provider during 2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;2/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          2
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to PIPE investors&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;9/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          3
440
800
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to employee&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;9/23/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          5
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued as acquisition consideration&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;9/24/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          731
707
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to service provider during 2011&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;5/5/2011&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          25
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;7/20/2011&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          27
092
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;11/21/2011&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          36
073
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;10/5/2012&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          108
840
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Common stock at 12/31/2012&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          34
616
714
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          Warrants and options
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=13%&gt;
          Number of warrants
          &lt;br/&gt;
          or options
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=13%&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          Issuance date
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=13%&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          Expiration date
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;Warrants issued to investors in 2007 PIPE&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=13%&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;
          1
037
858
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=13%&gt;5/3/2007&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=13%&gt;5/2/2010&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Warrants issued to placement agent in 2007 PIPE&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          489
330
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;5/3/2007&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;5/2/2010&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Employee stock options&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          1
334
573
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;7/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;7/27/2014&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Warrants issued to investors in 2009 PIPE - Series A&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          1
753
909
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;4/28/2015&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Warrants issued to investors in 2009 PIPE - Series B&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          501
115
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;10/28/2012&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Issued to service provider A during 2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          50
722
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;1/5/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;1/2/2014&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Issued to service provider B during 2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          20
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;1/5/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;1/2/2014&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Issued to service provider C during 2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          10
144
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;1/5/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;1/2/2014&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Total warrants and options&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;
          5
197
940
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;14.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              The non-controlling interest represents the
              19.8% equity of Shandong Lorain held by the Shandong Economic Development Investment Corporation
 which is a state-owned interest.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;15.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;SALES BY PRODUCT TYPE&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Sales by categories of product consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Category&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Chestnut&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                125
101
585
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                110
263
973
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Convenience food&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                79
575
069
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                72
887
580
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Frozen food&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
                34
996
809
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
                30
070
553
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  239
673
463
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  213
222
106
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Revenue by geography consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Country&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Australia&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                89
573
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                363
508
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Belgium&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                6
049
825
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                2
467
360
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Canada&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                110
552
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;China&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                170
818
669
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                157
064
976
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Denmark&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                53
922
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                43
656
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                2
344
824
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                2
721
435
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Germany&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                208
870
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                1
179
298
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                212
174
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                563
285
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Indonesia&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                20
999
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Israel&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                277
028
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                461
427
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Japan&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                37
942
286
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                27
767
186
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Malaysia&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                2
221
990
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                2
106
973
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Netherlands&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                431
808
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                586
327
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Philippines&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                413
529
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                382
480
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Poland&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                213
943
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                175
410
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Portugal&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                711
006
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Russia&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                471
559
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Saudi Arabia&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                33
732
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Singapore&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                1
290
802
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                1
139
671
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;South Korea&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                11
845
499
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                9
119
942
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Spain&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                147
648
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                1
134
021
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Taiwan&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                742
669
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                1
353
567
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Thailand&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                177
529
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                387
164
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;United Kingdom&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                2
513
634
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                3
797
548
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;United States&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
                494
676
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
                241
589
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  239
673
463
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  213
222
106
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Category&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Chestnut&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            125
101
585
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            110
263
973
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Convenience food&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            79
575
069
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            72
887
580
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Frozen food&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
            34
996
809
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
            30
070
553
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            &lt;b&gt;
              239
673
463
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            &lt;b&gt;
              213
222
106
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Country&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Australia&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            89
573
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            363
508
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Belgium&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            6
049
825
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            2
467
360
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Canada&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            110
552
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;China&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            170
818
669
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            157
064
976
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Denmark&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            53
922
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            43
656
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            2
344
824
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            2
721
435
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Germany&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            208
870
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            1
179
298
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            212
174
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            563
285
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Indonesia&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            20
999
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Israel&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            277
028
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            461
427
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Japan&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            37
942
286
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            27
767
186
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Malaysia&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            2
221
990
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            2
106
973
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Netherlands&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            431
808
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            586
327
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Philippines&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            413
529
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            382
480
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Poland&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            213
943
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            175
410
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Portugal&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            711
006
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Russia&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            471
559
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Saudi Arabia&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            33
732
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Singapore&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            1
290
802
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            1
139
671
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;South Korea&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            11
845
499
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            9
119
942
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Spain&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            147
648
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            1
134
021
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Taiwan&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            742
669
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            1
353
567
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Thailand&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            177
529
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            387
164
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;United Kingdom&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            2
513
634
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            3
797
548
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;United States&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
            494
676
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
            241
589
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              239
673
463
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              213
222
106
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;16.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            All of the Company&amp;#8217;s operations are in the PRC
 and in accordance with the relevant tax laws and regulations of PRC
 the corporate income tax rate is
            25%.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;The following tables provide the reconciliation of the differences between the statutory and effective tax expenses for the periods ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Income attributed to PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              30
283
824
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              28
870
041
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Loss attributed to US*&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (802
412
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (966
868
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Income before tax&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              29
481
412
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              27
903
173
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              PRC Statutory Tax at
              25% Rate
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              7
737
643
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6
824
201
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              7
737
643
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6
824
201
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;i&gt;
        &lt;u&gt;Per Share Effect of Tax Exemption&lt;/u&gt;
      &lt;/i&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding Basic&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              34
533
817
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              34
445
972
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Per share effect&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The difference between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and the Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate was as follows for the periods ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;2012&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;2011&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;U.S. federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
              35%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
              35%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Lower rates in PRC
 net&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
              -10%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
              -10%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Tax holiday for foreign investments&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
              1.25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
              -0.57%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
              26.25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
              24.43%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Effective January 1
 2008
 the PRC government implemented a new
      25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as &amp;#8220;two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption&amp;#8221; hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard
      25% tax rate
 tax holidays were terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises already started tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until being fully utilized.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has accrued a deferred tax asset as a result of its net operating loss in and before 2012 because the Company planned to setup operations in the United States. The company anticipates that the operations within the United States will generate income in the future so that it will be able to take full advantage of the accrued asset. Accordingly the Company has not provided a valuation allowances for the accrued tax asset.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s has detailed the tax rates for its subsidiaries for 2012 and 2011 in the following table.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center colspan=4 rowspan=1 width=12%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;China Income Tax Rate&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;2012&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;2011&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;International Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
              0%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
              0%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Junan Hongran&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Luotian Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
              15%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Beijing Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
              15%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Shandong Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Shandong Greenpia&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Dongguan Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Income attributed to PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          30
283
824
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          28
870
041
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Loss attributed to US*&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (802
412
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (966
868
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Income before tax&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          29
481
412
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          27
903
173
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          PRC Statutory Tax at
          25% Rate
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          7
737
643
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6
824
201
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          7
737
643
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6
824
201
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2011&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding Basic&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          34
533
817
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          34
445
972
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Per share effect&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;2012&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;2011&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;U.S. federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
          35%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
          35%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Lower rates in PRC
 net&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
          -10%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
          -10%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Tax holiday for foreign investments&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
          1.25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
          -0.57%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
          26.25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
          24.43%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center colspan=4 rowspan=1 width=12%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;China Income Tax Rate&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;2012&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;2011&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;International Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
          0%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
          0%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Junan Hongran&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Luotian Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
          15%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Beijing Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
          15%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Shandong Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Shandong Greenpia&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Dongguan Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;17.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;EARNINGS PER SHARE&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Components of basic and diluted earnings per share were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;For the year&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;For the year&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;ended&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;ended&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Basic Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Net Income&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                20
422
668
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
902
367
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Income Available to Common Stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                20
422
668
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
887
498
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Diluted Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Income Available to Common Stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                20
422
668
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
887
498
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Income Available to Common Stockholders on Converted Basis&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                20
422
668
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
887
498
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Original Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Additions from Actual Events&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;-Issuance of Common Stock&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
533
817
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
445
972
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
533
817
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
445
972
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Dilutive Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Additions from Potential Events&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Exercise of Investor Warrants &amp;amp; Placement Agent Warrants&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Exercise of Employee &amp;amp; Director Stock Options&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                280
522
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
533
817
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
726
494
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.59
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.58
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.59
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.57
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
533
817
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
445
972
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
533
817
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
726
494
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;For the year&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;For the year&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;ended&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;ended&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Basic Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Net Income&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            20
422
668
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
902
367
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Income Available to Common Stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            20
422
668
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
887
498
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Diluted Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Income Available to Common Stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            20
422
668
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
887
498
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Income Available to Common Stockholders on Converted Basis&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            20
422
668
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
887
498
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Original Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Additions from Actual Events&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;-Issuance of Common Stock&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
533
817
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
445
972
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
533
817
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
445
972
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Dilutive Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Additions from Potential Events&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Exercise of Investor Warrants &amp;amp; Placement Agent Warrants&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Exercise of Employee &amp;amp; Director Stock Options&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            280
522
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
533
817
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
726
494
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.59
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.58
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.59
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.57
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
533
817
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
445
972
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
533
817
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
726
494
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;18.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;SHARE BASED COMPENSATION&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            On July 27
 2009
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors adopted the American Lorain Corporation 2009 Incentive Stock Plan (the &amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;). The Plan provides that the maximum number of shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock that may be issued under the Plan is
            2
500
000
            shares. The Company&amp;#8217;s employees
 directors
 and service providers are eligible to participate in the Plan.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            For the year ended December 31
 2009
 the Company recorded a total of $166
346
            of shared based compensation expense. The Company issued warrants that upon exercise would result in the issuance of
            1
334
573
            common shares. These stock options vest over three years
 where
            33.33% vest annually. The expense related to the stock options was $107
375. The Company also recorded expense of $58
971
            for the issuance of
            56
393
            common shares to participants
 respectively. The common shares vested immediately. Given the materiality and nature of share based compensation
 the entire expense has been recorded as general and administrative expenses. For the year ended December 31
 2010
 the Company recorded a total of $890
209
            stock option and its related general and administrative expenses.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      During the period ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company recorded a total of $503
493
      and $644
243
      stock option and its related general and administrative expenses.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The range of the exercise prices of the stock options granted since inception of the plan are shown in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Price Range&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              $0
              - $4.99
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;
              1
334
573
              shares
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              $5.00
              - $9.99
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;
              0
              shares
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              $10.00
              - $14.99
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;
              0
              shares
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;No tax benefit has yet to be accrued or realized. For the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company has yet to repatriate its earnings. Accordingly it has not recognized any deferred tax assets or liability in regards to benefits derived from the issuance of stock options.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company used the Black-Scholes Model to value the warrants granted. The following shows the weighted average fair value of the grants and the assumptions that were employed in the model:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); text-align: center;&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); text-align: center;&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;2011&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Weighted-average fair value of grants:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
              1.3629
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
              1.1909
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Risk-free interest rate:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
              0.33%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
              0.96%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Expected volatility:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
              59.93%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
              4.58%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;Expected life in months:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
              36.00
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
              36.00
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Price Range&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          $0
          - $4.99
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;
          1
334
573
          shares
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          $5.00
          - $9.99
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=50%&gt;
          0
          shares
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          $10.00
          - $14.99
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=50%&gt;
          0
          shares
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); text-align: center;&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;2012&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); text-align: center;&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;2011&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Weighted-average fair value of grants:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
          1.3629
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
          1.1909
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Risk-free interest rate:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
          0.33%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
          0.96%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Expected volatility:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
          59.93%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
          4.58%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Expected life in months:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
          36.00
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
          36.00
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;19.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;LEASE COMMITMENTS&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;The Company entered into an operating lease agreement leasing a factory building located in Dongguan
 China. The lease was signed by Shandong Lorain on behalf of Dongguan Lorain and expires on August 9
 2018.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;The minimum future lease payments for this property at December 31
 2012 are shown in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2013&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                87
536
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;8/9/2018&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
                56
641
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
                514
917
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The outstanding lease commitment as of December 31
 2012 was $514
917.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The minimum future lease payments for this property at December 31
 2011 are shown in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2012&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                84
259
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2013&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                87
536
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;8/9/2018&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
                56
641
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
                599
176
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
              The outstanding lease commitment as of December 31
 2011 was $599
176.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2013&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            87
536
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            92
685
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            92
685
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            92
685
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            92
685
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;8/9/2018&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
            56
641
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
            514
917
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2012&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            84
259
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2013&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            87
536
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            92
685
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            92
685
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            92
685
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            92
685
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;8/9/2018&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
            56
641
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); width=12%&gt;
            599
176
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;20.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;RISKS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;A.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Credit risk&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Since the Company&amp;#8217;s inception
 the age of account receivables have been less than one year indicating that the Company is subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;B.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Interest risk&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;The company is subject to the interest rate risk when their short term loans become due and require refinancing.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;C.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Economic and political risks&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s operations are conducted in the PRC. Accordingly
 the Company&amp;#8217;s business
 financial condition
 and results of operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
 and legal environments in the PRC.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s operations in the PRC are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&amp;#8217;s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;D.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Environmental risks&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;The Company has procured environmental licenses required by the PRC government. The Company has both a water treatment facility for water used in its production process and secure transportation to remove waste off site. In the event of an accident
 the Company has purchased insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local environment.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;E.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Inflation Risk&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;Management monitors changes in prices levels. Historically inflation has not materially impacted the company&amp;#8217;s financial statements; however
 significant increases in the price of raw materials and labor that cannot be passed on the Company&amp;#8217;s customers could adversely impact the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;





















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Stock Options

        
        
        



 Stock Options

        
        
        


        
        
        
        

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 plant and equipment









    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 $.001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2012 and 2011




 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 34
616
714 and 34
507
874 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2012 and 2011



    


    


    


    


    


    


    



























 Shares




 Shares



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    
    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    
    

    


    


    

    
    

    

    


 BASIS OF PRESENTATION



    


    


    


    


    












    


    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    





    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    






    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    



 Stock Options




 Stock Options



    



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    



















    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property






















































































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 orgchart.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`E05``#_VP!#``8$!`0%!`8%!08)!@4&0L(!@8(

M'``!``$%`0$```````````````8!`@













M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```````8S05S/O\`88#SC`B$.:5=(6=)*)+E/)-R+9=@P'H_)V/8T_`0!R=C


I29ZI)VX6(!KI6TM7
81EMF([%SO
`S1VVUH





M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

1UR'0Z-*J
M4SG

SQ'$FR%4QVF/P7#CE3G5%L06TG+[MMP$GAU^
MBNZQI-3C.O


+@D68Y27$FU;



M`


V\P":0N4U&91L/1I3:)<A_6R<Z,Q:E.TKEY
MP'*G+E4/%T]FL5!FZ]35L0$

M
RY[&\MG20UTG*0PZ'3Z#4M&-4IS=JA436S4Y1+LJ46KV:U7=93#E.DSTW/-
MQL.0'WY!
);G

QFTAX@H53PEFA3H\VF(E1TSW&7$O))K-S




WB(B6(8.CYBKP2P$J.U/5`E'-
MZG*);.IU?_F


CUYH25B0CC9/``I\7

789K%6A1$\L90A4
M^:613D@DES2S=T0*NQ


M_;#?V)`/2P``````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````%J

)4O


M



M6RZDEH.VXS(Q66C3L
X7AQ7H
E

T&CQ
M78E.A
18:LR5QV6R2A23WDHN(N(Q4K!V%Z7KRI%)BP$R2+7*::2G6)XI5;@&


B-
.LH:0AM^^N2A-B5F*QW(
1I4S!F%J6R^U3J7&
E@``````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


D7R



M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

!Z2``````````````````


2E
M)L\WL84M7=$I&T$B&-8GJ-5QM`?@MQ6S:J/]

=76C-AYN2EAI#UW#:7G(DD9JVGM


M1_VPW]B0#TL`````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````!
MC6LLZ4=/$!YS@#-V5-(AFG*1O0+7XV8
!Z4``````````````````````*6`

;4(
MK4]

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

M`0+3/MP.\?'6(+Z08TPKTJ&7#4-?5(!N``H```````````````````````
M`````TFT%;9NW`+@```````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````XQ2BV_F[P$TT+(L$NIVF
MHW$&1%MV9@$QI;J#IL%-]IQVU6\F4A)3&XA:5EF3N
47`FJ@H```````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````&`H*+5%?9\(#6G4^'/9.-+
M:)QKH
<I;VBVF4=*=57$U0W$PF]5
M0_F/U0T#7/U.DN8J5

NI8)P\J4DZ:;&=MEN]`61XT:*1ZEIN
M-F.ZVVDD68^D[`-X````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

M+XA`-UHK((K6`7@`````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````




DX[3<




M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```````````````````````````````````:=12AQEYMPB4V32S41^8!Y[@_

MQ7@?)$`=AW1=XKP/DR`.P[HN\5X'R9`'8

MWBO`^3(`[#FB[Q7@?)D`=AW1=XKP/DR`.PYHN\5X'R9`'8
@%JM$

M97ZUX&7N3U9`+NP[HN\6('R9`'8




M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


MUYLEE'DYV8]A`
8MMVCLKS`-YM;YW49$E*=BD'_.X:#20:DEP+U



M
I`&JTB^V(WQ2`-5I%]L1OBD`:K2+[8C?%(`U6D7VQ&^*0!JM(OMB-\4@#5:
M1?;$;XI`&JTB^V(WQ2`-5I%]L1OBD`:K2+[8C?%(`U6D7VQ&^*0!JM(OMB-\
M4@#5:1?;$;XI`&JTB^V(WQ2`-5I%]L1OBD`:K2+[8C?%(`U6D7VQ&^*0!JM(
MOMB-\4@#5:1?;$;XI`&JTB^V(WQ2`-5I%]L1OBD`:K2+[8C?%(`U6D7VQ&^*
M0!JM(OMB-\4@#5:1?;$;XI`&JTB^V(WQ2`-5I%]L1OBD`:K2+[8C?%(`U6D7
MVQ&^*0!JM(OMB-\4@#5:1?;$;XI`&JTB^V(WQ2`-5I%]L1OBD`:K2+[8C?%(
M`U6D7VQ&^*0!JM(OMB-\4@#5:1?;$;XI`&JTB^V(WQ2`-5I%]L1OBD`HIG2(


D[O4SL`[P````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```


M6'
*8PJ$#E#DV/(R&6L-1[56YJ?
`D
%4F/


M/MKC7(YF'$U5.CB?7GZB\Y5S)PVY*C

M$:)AK

]#IJH\


MTP$H````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M```````````````````````````!AE_U9W]!7\@'$P#ZTX'F7]=00@`BB(
MR

499R8/*D$\






3/@UL6Z.\


M&1H[PK*PRC#CS#[E/0K.GU9:GDJ3M*SU\Y#-:64[1EA2/02HI
+73RD)E'K%




M;2($%^0[&3D=FN:]_P`JMPW)@WTI]4/-TW2*



M````````````````````````%CB5F7-5E


MQ$M*36O+JTM76N^\R+H\@#F1


U

VXF
MY*]Z]QFM1F:






M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````&-XEVN@B
RZ0$:I[9GCJL\XTJ.+'O8!)22HBMF
_*`K9728





G

M9_EP
68ZJU$I$2E2J\[&B-5-=

I'*2AM.8EF1$97



M1V/OMO=$.4K6.?(QSBJC/5;!S]4?G36JC&IS%==)).


)SJ=/?
MK3M/<J),%K-3U,-!JML_M+=`95W$;M%FUB)4)YJDKR)H9WL:7WR[5!<<I@.
M3+G8WJ^
IN%T5UVE
1(#

8^.S9;I]\!?9728V

M28```````````````````````````%````5``%````5`````````````````
M`````````````````````%#W&`C5-]?=9]S1OY`)
```##+_`*L[^@K^0#B8



6G
MD_LE9KGG+?MN8ZXY;[



M
EZ$E


9HXN&Z*;


MQ$DACIOEN-]H0D6JJ[4Q40W$$N5Q?278\)4Q7)9'-:.Q_Q`;B,45L]^&Y:?
M^=`[KFK/B[+^







NX4
M-66WR[3`6'$9RY;;/0`N-K897W@*:A.T^)\0%V3817W!!1+67B87V**8(]QF
MG9;8))@N-KR^046JCD9J/
Y'?JF`PZ//6/0_<;7U0$A`````````````````````4X@

M^P53YO?]`!V?L^P53YO?]`!V?L^P53YO?]`!V?L^P53YO?]`!V?L^P53
MYO?]`!V?L^P53YO?]`!V?L^P53YO?]`!V?L^P53YO?]`!V?L^P53YO?]
M`!V?L^P53YO?]`!V?L^P53YO?]`!V?L^P53YO?]`BM/N!329:FJ_-[_H





HQK



MH_X@(3IH
RT=U/S)^L0644__!X'N=KZA`-PMPH```````````````````

!A


%Y-(RKS\UN^P^Z#%9&VVVFB/N2WF9W.
MWE

%B5$6P]B=Z#XGYB%1E2^@C.^PN)G_F`N)U1I



]FW_``$/I69D1'S=XIO)3;-LS'9(`E











F4^

MH/PWE/.*/H4D]A`%(F:1G*M(:J]*@1:0FYQY3#ZG'E'PS(/80^C2
?KKDE-
M3ID*/2+'R::T\I;Z^C

ML`#F
M:0D8D-E%)@];E]E02\9RC3P]3W`
#L_2FFN$PU0Z8=#-?.DG)43UNG)NN`VJ


M@`IA^9ID+DJQ%2H,#)?D9QIG



MT6
NDTR#


M%G8\.BR%U*EPHU621\DC-/FME9_G.'M(!AH]0TD.TB6[5:/`C5ELOZ#$9D*6


M.)22_JTN.\IUY?02T'L(!BH\K2*Y6W$52DTZ+1B
S;F



!8[.


MBNPJ93WJ\K^LT]U\T
N9C

M!YR?2X46LI)6IC




-TNCTZ3156UTIU\T.HZ;)X




@OU
MQ5N4077C2PGIRKWF`K*FXZ1AM#T:FPEXDMSX*GC)@O

M(?:&O/4?*;P%]/DX]7AZ0[/IL%JMD7]'IZ'3.
?Z3F\!'Z/+Q^O$$]^I4R$Q




FC0$4(SV34



8#DXBG8U5H\K+TV'$:K1-.I<8:<
V]2



9LF1?^IO
M`;5

R]Y`













S(CVEP`50K-PL`N``````````````````````````````````&(Y

M@F0V:SMVJNZ\HHN0O;OS+MN%L7%.5MMD1*VV.RS+@
ZC.A9*+_(477``````


M`%
W.M_$!;KX;2Z0%BI2

J/E/)T\Q9[%'YC#DZ8%:1\(





]X#*````````````````


M%D&AVJ'6^JLM]45BU.CEZ@[WSA]L7O#(D467HMSO.`R```````````````
M``+'5I0BZMP#%E
TK2HM8BUTD

MR=+TGJ9#Q$Y2U



M!R+[C4=K@-6J8RJB\4U*B4B.2E4:*B7
?5N7G*Y(+R@*-8VFUKD$:A$TJ;);
M6J2E[\&@T;TG;B`T6M(LV=(;8@


M$:F&V4+ES[5U)N24'_`#`2:.KFD2NW/^)=(#
`````````````````````

MEXIW@










MI!-E=33BRN3=O*`O3ABV'6):HSD6L37WT

'Z=

M`````%#($I82JUU

M(5`T.W424VL967TEQ`43'58VR(M67?;;W`7I:4G81$24]HE.P!E1FMSMA@+@
M````````````````````````````````%#*Y&72`U3B[$%EYJ.XV;?(8R+7X

I-EM
N*OS;B#8

M@BBDN6/O^Y4K:0(MU9/)4F^U.S/Q`7%'=
K.+V6+:7;7\X*VW``````````
M````````#26Q+UCBB45W#RH,NX3T^4P%J8SQ9BW--W)=YJ/OE`*^J9$$NQ)






M`````Q9W
RSWD6Y(`VM5TI4?.
K@
H``````````6`84H2:U'Q+F^\`X#)6T





1FDH


G?N`44M*=YV`-8C+FOS;7OY`%
M$NMK)*DJ(R7VI](\``4S%:]]@!<@#
GI`

!




M````````U359.=2LB6SVYK$`C[:T]D%X\Z
ITY)]L6_6`)*:DJ*Y*+S%8!4C



!Z6```#&I9WV;B[?S`([
MB?'$.@NTZ


!Z

KY


Y=`/0\$X;?QI=V,
M:U=3&E7UB]YJ\X#L3]&T!]TEPYTF`1=PTLS+^(SL=O^'IO\`#L=R/#TW^`!

M8;IL
]0XY:QRS.V9/F2.0B14;%

M@````````````````````````%I]N0#S;`WY6](7GIWV)@/2P```85927EZ=
MJ_
`@VDO#&&


M2/#T^/%C55.=*'%FK*X9VM?9O

MYJ:
E7-7D
!2=3*5B#1QAWKC)503RYIC7F:D&2+VX6V;.(@PUC!%)GXL.@I*
M*BD4^-FI


M```````A[@$:IOK\K/N:-_(!)KD``%R`4N0MR`4S)Z0%;D`7(````!YK*_



NMNC*B*@:KJ?%RYB7FMJBZ`'6RX^[ZG_``.`&7'W?4_X'`#+C[OJ


`````````````````



MG
9]J2RV@-A1F

TG8D6:[7WP&GB[2/B
MFET2@N0JC3S=J2;O5-
9Y^



NVO
MT](=(UXN&*#&-*8].9::YV8K=/E&!G12(*FD















MBC5)7K%?UBV\!Z^A*2+FE8A**GL%D8K@8PQ:UAN%'DJC*E'(?1')M!D1D:SM



M^``````````````````````'$QOZT*Q[D=^J8##H\]8]#]QM?5`2$```````

SWR`7



`4W#N+L
R(]5J


M(Z_P3?DD9C135UQWV21
BW%?IL.-&T.=$.TO?



-O+8/
9`+I-
*




M\LKSY(+.M/0I6\Q
-:_6Y1$


ME(4GH-)[+`-1CV&XY()BF16B;1JF\K2LCO2V;@&P[2*6ZJ
IV(TM4
[Q#4

%^M&A_L^)]BD!V@%`$=T@U
C-J
M(S.VTND!D```````````````````````````!0]Q@(U3?7W6?<T;^03````



!VT78GXGR%W



M'DN

MEF`5[




KP?B!Q
MB)QN3I
C1WT*0^W!80XE6\E(;(C(P'9```````````!C1VR_
M.`CS7Y07_P!G)^T`24``````````````````````<3&_K0K'N1WZI@,.CSUC
MT/W&U]4!(0````````````````````%.(-:/_Q&OW7(^N`DP```````````

R/46V';NR`27#Y7H%
W_U5C[
@'1``````%*
MPB6TI


.CSUCT/W&U]4!(0```````````````````


M````````````.)C?UH5CW([]4P&'1YZQZ'[C:^J`D(``````````````````

MFE




MPC1Z&YRBIQHBERR;VKCJ9269+I%VIF=]XU!.:EB##.(J%0:)$ELS9Q2(Z9
-
ME9&ZWJBLLS26TK'O%$85AO$%*9J^6LQGX-*=-UN:AK*AE*SS:AY/]H72(/2-



H8;,U7R/
M)_M<AGF'2,U[!@FO2*M0(4B5(1+=OD;FL)U;4C9?,E/<D6X:92\9:```````
M``````````&-';+\X/-?E!?_9R?M`$E``````````````````````'$QOZT


AL37$F:YC#:4N67Q

M1^'9REE=OWP@V*;!B08B(L-A$:
WL;9:*R4_``V@````````````````````



MZ1MW

=

LA26
M6W=67#.DE6O[XBZV39X$=D]UTG[X(N)I)$1%P[4^@$QD!0``````````````

MI@

M`````````````````

MC7[KD?7`28```````````````````````````````````$5QUB&A4RCU!F?
M;CNNQEDAIP[&NY;

M`!KO++-E
[D?;%T$`\GT\X\PU2\*5+#=2?U-0J#%X#7LA$H@$OT=8RP_BC#D
M1VB2.4-QF&FG%\$+2@B
OX`)7&M92;YED?//R@
P```````````````````.







!=U



Q1
48HJQ;
M\.3$GQVH`7]==6\7IOT0#KKJWB]-^B`===6\7IOT0#KKJWB[-^B`U:ICU^E0
MI
Z=0Y;



C+4/\`#S(
!3L^Z*?#
M7_0D?^V`=GW13X:_Z$C_`-L`[/NBGPU_T)'_`+8!V?=%/AK_`*$C_P!L7`[/


Y:J/;6D2%HM?]


M[!FB;Q:C_&=^^`=@S1-XM1_C._?`6*T(Z*$K2DL
QSOQS.[/I@(;I-T=8`PY



ME6NHAH52A6T\V_H`79#[XP#(??&`9#[XP#(??&`ANEM3AZ

MU%Y`%V0^^
`R'WQ@&0^^
`R'WQ@&0^^
`R'WQ@&0^^
`R'WQ@&0^^
`R'WQ@
M&0^^


M#T!TUZXK74WM
]MBN6X@&8DJ
KW


M`&S0(D-=$@J..SF4PV:LK:2*^7;P`=#D
'VNU\1(44Y#!]K-?$2
BO(87M9K
MXB1H.0PO:S?Q$@'(87M9OXB0%BX

Y#(E%M_.`9@`````






C1D:,KF728\``1O'Z4GAXS
M
MJ7F;?'(!(DD1I29[[`+@`P%````5`````6J(KD?$!YMH_2DM*ND6Q?VM/_
M`(L&`]+`:E2EMQ(RGW7D1VFRS.O.;$I27$P$.HVE/#%51-53);DA


M`04=SUNN;/\`^2`]%*Y$5N.\!C6[JF5..';4I-:O


RE?U3H]\9KKP[!O3


M:Z%B*V
O)B*;;Z(#TI/:D`*21[RN`XF+$EUM5$^)
+L8#HTC;281G[`U]0@&

%
MJ8[#:B*DZI:DW]5R_@R/RB2CJ-XZQ//IV%'XH[$FO6Y4ZIO,7G(AK!J=D+$
MZY]:HY$8ZM`EHBHE:NS:4++
2C(







MHV$9?FBZRF.

FHPYBU1%NMM(;R&A9'L


\S`<A-1D/=1<.$Z[1L.5M^6M^H-*U#Q(9VM)2[W%Q*-'%-3JV%*;.I]K\

MK9KGW8F+J#U'$KBL$1XO+)$^56)*FZ






2%


_[






2O(U
'65FM1
MHUPK*?KKIH=)_$D]4EI5SB
BL6K/N3\HMI&IAO1AA[#U14_&5
DS23E:Y=)


_7^N!UM?575'&2HE[-696W`.?4=&^&I=`Z@N\I:AM




TC

S72T7V))6SG]


C4^=%24R;U11J9#DYY3LA


`





DEK+64?YO0-


41JB:)L*4AI]I#LZ9$EM&RY'GR5/M)3^:A6XRX`-


5#$;V)5.S(T^026WTL2#2PXALK$DVRV;A!L5+1


!D``````$;E^OV'[@=^N`[YKR)4JQG;@6\!H5#$%(IIH14)S



08FK$SH;KJV6G-:Y&
M

0RJXGVUN9=N=7-5EW%Y%=`!8UKR.)2:T]S?-9/38!CS.$K6&9;
M.T:_[;#6)J^
XRHE/$CFF9FXI7;)]`*MCU(ZXMMMW6N-7-2$[R+S?R$TQG)
MRS9.'L(_P:5;[AI@TZV^9Y3V[EIZ##3%MT&:T)(_4[$:BW[0TQ372&B.R4Y
M[4MVSBH^@451






I:]AI+B=A!5DXZC;-)F
0U&5$--%96U.;<7^7F%&35(L96WG<P%;6N`\XT
M]^LV!^V:=]L`]*```!YK*_X@X/\`=UW_`!(#TA)$9%Y`%321@+321J)7$@&O

M)YRW%[$EY3

:Y2MD^A?

MN

MU?/465'F\HU6(M-;RC-I)V(MAOEWWF&-;42M2


X

M.(&UH*G[+&AF7L:/_E$Z7EP:[B#&LRNKPC2:K

+R+UKBMJ#5Y!6586(M(6+

R

R2V236A:\I/9-PO1R
MLF(Q?$AX@P_4L3NOR6XO*6*J4=!+2@R]4;R%L\PQ&ZDNCNF5VGT2*NJ5QRL(


MG5.ZN(3&BQ#80A#+[B


K.K
PE+=/G9\Q[ABMQ%,)P<3P=(&-G7L3/3':5-UUM
M324)=YAJ:
[=KJS+@


ME8
C=IRV$MM1$.%F2[K2YQDGR@.86+M*3V%JQBA5=::C8=D+3R1+2%)ELZW+






U8WWL9UF$5!HF&*0TX]5('*8



MDE
UTW




?






M2?#:



IHEJ(SOSN)$)AKJMG=!'_
8K

0X^7*:#+B?E


M)M8!?AVB'1XI


#+.T?4650J;1S3:/27FI


MFT'MHIOOTV*AMZ6XIU]ZW/4I9W.Y@(?@+\JFD2VWU6G_8&`]+`4
!0^U.V
M\!$L08)D5FJ4ZIMU5^F2:?F-*64I41YMAWS#5KG(PU3!**N]`ENU)SJK237R
M:HDDM:G.5CV;AQ=6I5M&C=4I



E````\UE?\0<'

OIRF2=_D%B5Q:9AI42`JF3:@Y4X
M!
:EV`XA-B;



8-PZFE
4A$*].B+)R+%-



_6C3/VW3OM@'HRM_OD`O`6N7R'8KF`QN,I61Y]F=!H5[X*4W#M)7J8]1
M6FZM6L@+26K62]]CW[C&]9<XM%E$:8<IC
B0W05NZYZC)VM.;;ESMY$2MNP
*;_`-H#TI/:D`J`XF+/6S4O
MUP'0H_XIA?J&OJ$`VP`!A<N2\R4YE@(4UHX5Q/4<00:U)CO5&W*&$(2:=A
MW`96<%R]9,<I]?D1&9!FM;#*$FG6J[9RY[;GT`RRT_!5-I\^E28[V1RE\LG




M@[I838A/(\6ZD[D#:HH-4KU[US]3&^J`D)_A4^8P&0``````1N7Z_8?N!W
MZX06,R41'E\I`+LFV]P%#:28Q$5I!J
BV*.]O+T@
AMD9[=OD`6)8(C
S


M@!JBV[;7`4-LK$23RD0FBJD)
K'N%%ILI/?NZ`P5U7
2DE'LX@#K!.-*;
S+
M-Q+@`M*
C5I0LS7EXF`KJ-M\QW(K`*DT17V[P%Y)V;=H.8\*V'%_KF?M`2
E
M`*&``,67,HC+<,Z8TT5*&O7&AXDH:4;;SBC)*4&GI,!D9GQ'3-<:0W(:07JJ
MD+2NWQ;AIC&S4::^[JFI+*W]II;)Q!G;S).X,ZNDRV&4VD.ML9=QK4E5^0K

I$7#.23
;QFNW2ZI&J$%

M;P=^%K7[0=_R`20`
B
K'N`6:HK6^`P&)QMMK
5QH#_;+:+BDR`UC@:4*
M,^4`YT9ZF,591MTY<@MCZBX)MN]\:D9M;E3QU3H=7;HD=M4^MY-:[36/6):



M)Y&.)6]+&CVCU0Z54ZPF-/:YKK&1:M^ZYI(R+WQ=%V(=)V!\.G$;K%21'*8W
MK8Y$2G






MIK3NLY


QIRB?

6SU)\W*+*B<Q2





MP9FIU8Q=
H*4Q

M&+K
VK


8I$5]D]SS2F

AM^IJ?;4UFW;RL*(MU
MCZK#-
I[
I+3M


:RO^(.#_=UW_$@/
M2$=J`N``&-^VK.YV+B`C:Z(^WC9BL






M`9

_[

MB5@&0```````````&!U]:5'ZF9DDRV^0_0`\]P%E[*FD*U\QN0#M;H8
@'I(
M```



MNS_\*0':``%#


MN




ML[H(P!:TI(C/B=@'%Q8:NMBI%;U0V%Y4=(#H4C
YWN`$VX2S._-[E/\`
!@53T+S
M$Z1.(

:UT]]F(W-
M+?NZ`$B2HU.WM9)%L/IN`S``````+8PP!2L42&'9TF7&-A!MH5?-A7..^T
MR`1OL'4!65/5JO((C\(K._O@




MMJ2XDGJ@M:#4D[V-)[P'H9)27








M-J.ZLC?-3M\P#?``&



E5JOI(K)(RJ+A[_(`


-^&Z_\




M&9;2W&`J`6(P%

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````4`5`````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````````````````````````!_

begin 644 logo.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`E05``#_VP!#``8$!`0%!`8%!08)!@4&0L(!@8(
MPP*@L*@P0#`P
#`P
$`P.#Q`/#@P3$Q04$Q


#1@0$!@:%1$5&B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#_P``1``_`(D#`1$``A$!`Q$!_\0`
M'````00#`0````````````````,&!P@!`@4$_\0`21```0,`P
%#08#!`L`

M``$#`P(%`P4``04````````!`@
$$1(%

MV@`




3FMJV8BYWFB*A(!EH1=7#UTPM



KV%;]W/-^B6XYUGN

_5G5GTJHET4)-/5$

MIT




K3?[1Z%_\`IB$\$M@=
0MAU)5]/:C8NF
MXI]2U#WU;LMFKT.QA!QR19+A'D+_`&=L5TY^+HYKE25=Z96JFZGHOIQSI:.5
MDG5$V5?T3#AK#C&(M@\&S.30A!*1!24XF:(J.YY9;N/O5QMRA\'GXHLX;$

MD@)1K:A2S'[P\J1?9IVJJI[*6IFY/N(4



MM-!)[4K-QQ=^E0P7

MO15


B1[*MOT:6IU#:KU.B:UW

W[F3M_R53452%88\6


M0VNZDY)AMH*-J\C/*='=JU#OSJKZ^1=U_PA=TV26==0PO?;UA..^W8'.20

CU!&;-0]+FU.Y/FFJ.C()Q%DU
M0E_S%GE_N?+4^%.BZO()ACZ(T\K_-:&^7%PS4B_7.J.TY^V=OX<4U#K=4ZB

1P0&HJ`*[RS+?


U1S
M=A5_:HZ^TK4FTQWFU^\AD2YUT;IMMG%W:K?=J#?G7JQRDZ-D;C.KY;+SB?IP
MIJ*)[=U%9)F.V82+W


M2?'4SH-=!ZD]BUR9N*P=Z$YV;!-JC.\S-6X$;=DS)C8R([+_`8-.:`#61N






MR_BZY^Y?UI3E'W*:NE]_\+*)QK1-\WH`X^*

8YV
M,_3HX9@<OC#P!8&\USL9^G1PK`Y?&'@P-YKG8S].CAF$\OC#P!8&\QSL9^G

M!R^
/`%@;S7.QGZ='#



`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

          


              
            

          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          


          
          
          

            125
101
585

          
          

            110
263
973

          


          
          
          

            79
575
069

          
          

            72
887
580

          


          
          
          

            34
996
809

          
          

            30
070
553

          


          
          
          

            &#160;

              239
673
463
            

          
          

            &#160;

              213
222
106
            

          

    


        
        

          


              
            

          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          


          
          
          

            89
573

          
          

            363
508

          


          
          
          

            6
049
825

          
          

            2
467
360

          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            110
552

          


          
          
          

            170
818
669

          
          

            157
064
976

          


          
          
          

            53
922

          
          

            43
656

          


          
          
          

            2
344
824

          
          

            2
721
435

          


          
          
          

            208
870

          
          

            1
179
298

          


          
          
          

            212
174

          
          

            563
285

          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            20
999

          


          
          
          

            277
028

          
          

            461
427

          


          
          
          

            37
942
286

          
          

            27
767
186

          


          
          
          

            2
221
990

          
          

            2
106
973

          


          
          
          

            431
808

          
          

            586
327

          


          
          
          

            413
529

          
          

            382
480

          


          
          
          

            213
943

          
          

            175
410

          


          
          
          

            711
006

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            471
559

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            33
732

          


          
          
          

            1
290
802

          
          

            1
139
671

          


          
          
          

            11
845
499

          
          

            9
119
942

          


          
          
          

            147
648

          
          

            1
134
021

          


          
          
          

            742
669

          
          

            1
353
567

          


          
          
          

            177
529

          
          

            387
164

          


          
          
          

            2
513
634

          
          

            3
797
548

          


          
          
          

            494
676

          
          

            241
589

          


          

            


            



              239
673
463
            

          

            



              213
222
106
            

          

    




        
          

        
          
            

 customer relationships with financial institutions
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material.  An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
 -Paragraph 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

500
000


        

346


        

334
573


        
        


        

375


        

971


        

393


        

209


        

493


        

243




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2012

          



 2012

          



        

764
577
        


        
        

604
000


        
        

604
000


        
        

000
000


        
        

000
000


        
        

029
955


        
        

970
045


        

280
212
        


        
        

000
000


        
        
        


        
        

000
000


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        

066


        
        


        

702


        
        


        
        


        

405


        
        


        
        


        

875
000


        
        


        
        


        

875
000


        
        


        

226
107


        

066




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

917


        

176




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

LAND USE RIGHTS
 NET (Tables)

        

      






        
        

          
          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          


          

            Land use rights
            

          

            6
192
379

          
          

            6
134
845

          


          

            Utilities rights
            

          

            49
368

          
          

            48
972

          


          

            Software
            

          

            57
695

          
          

            57
230

          


          

            Patent
            

          

            1
497

          
          

            1
485

          


          
          
          

            6
300
939

          
          

            6
242
530

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160;

              
            
            
            Accumulated amortization

          

            (1
004
271

          
          

            (817
278

          


          
          
          

            5
296
668

          
          

            5
425
252

          

    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






        

000
000


        

172
640


        

393


        

011
169


        

000


        

440
800


        

000


        

707


        

000


        

092


        

073


        

840


        

616
714


        

037
858


        

330


        

334
573


        

753
909


        

115


        

722


        

289


        

144


        

197
940




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2012

          



        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

283
824


        

870
041


        

412)


        

868)


        

481
412


        

903
173


        
        


        

737
643


        

824
201


        
        


        
        


        

737
643


        

824
201




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity (Details) (USD $)

        

      






Share Based Compensation Schedule Of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity 1
        


Share Based Compensation Schedule Of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity 2
        


Share Based Compensation Schedule Of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity 3

334
573


Share Based Compensation Schedule Of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity 4
        


Share Based Compensation Schedule Of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity 5
        


Share Based Compensation Schedule Of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity 6
        


Share Based Compensation Schedule Of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity 7
        


Share Based Compensation Schedule Of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity 8
        


Share Based Compensation Schedule Of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity 9
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Stock Options
 Activity 4
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Stock Options
 Activity 3
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Stock Options
 Activity 2
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Stock Options
 Activity 1
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Stock Options
 Activity 7
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Stock Options
 Activity 5
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Stock Options
 Activity 9
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Stock Options
 Activity 8
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Stock Options
 Activity 6
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        

533
817


        

445
972


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        

097
340


        

597
831


        
        


        

284
966


        
        


        

382
306


        

597
831




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

 China. The lease was signed by Shandong Lorain on behalf of Dongguan Lorain and expires on August 9
 2018.


        
          
          

        
          
          

 2012 are shown in the following table:






              

                

              

                

              
              

                

              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                87
536

              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                92
685

              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                92
685

              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                92
685

              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                92
685

              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                56
641

              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                514
917

              



      The outstanding lease commitment as of December 31
 2012 was $514
917.
    

 2011 are shown in the following table:


              

                

              

                

              
              

                

              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                84
259

              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                87
536

              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                92
685

              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                92
685

              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                92
685

              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                92
685

              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                56
641

              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                599
176

              



        
          
          

        
          
          

              The outstanding lease commitment as of December 31
 2011 was $599
176.
            


    




        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.
              
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

875
000


        

000
000


        

000
000


        

000
000


        

540
158




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Schedule of Share-based Compensation
 Stock Options
 Activity [Table Text Block]
        

        

          


          



        

          $0
          - $4.99


          1
334
573
          shares



        

          $5.00
          - $9.99


          0
          shares



        

          $10.00
          - $14.99


          0
          shares


    


Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
        

        
        
        

          

        
        

          

        


        
        
        

          1.3629

        
        

          1.1909

        


        
        
        

          0.33%

        
        

          0.96%

        


        
        
        

          59.93%

        
        

          4.58%

        


        
        
        

          36.00

        
        

          36.00

        

    




        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

573


        

508


        

049
825


        

467
360


        
        


        

552


        

818
669


        

064
976


        

922


        

656


        

344
824


        

721
435


        

870


        

179
298


        

174


        

285


        
        


        

999


        

028


        

427


        

942
286


        

767
186


        

221
990


        

106
973


        

808


        

327


        

529


        

480


        

943


        

410


        

006


        
        


        

559


        
        


        
        


        

732


        

290
802


        

139
671


        

845
499


        

119
942


        

648


        

134
021


        

669


        

353
567


        

529


        

164


        

513
634


        

797
548


        

676


        

589


        

673
463


        

222
106




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

        
        
        


            
          

        
        


            
          

        


        

          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        

          &#160;&#160; &#8226; Interest rate at
          0.6700% per annum were due 12/11/2010

        

          -

        
        

          57
066

        

      
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        

          &#160;&#160; &#8226; Interest rate at
          7.07% per annum due 5/20/2013

        

          158
702

        
        

          -

        


        

          &#160;&#160; &#8226; Interest rate at
          7.07% per annum due 11/20/2013

        

          317
405

        
        

          -

        

      
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        

          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        

          &#160;&#160; &#8226; Interest rate at
          5.510% per annum due 3/15/2013

        

          1
875
000

        
        

          -

        


        

          &#160;&#160; &#8226; Interest rate at
          5.510% per annum due 9/15/2013

        

          1
875
000

        
        

          -

        


        
        
        

          4
226
107

        
        

          57
066

        

    


        
        

        
        
        


            
          

        
        


            
          

        


        

          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        

          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        

          &#160;&#160; &#8226; Interest rate at
          5.510% per annum due 9/16/2016

        

          10
097
340

        
        

          15
597
831

        

      
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        

          &#160;&#160; &#8226; Interest rate at
          7.07% per annum due 9/24/2015

        

          4
284
966

        
        

          -

        


        
        
        

          14
382
306

        
        

          15
597
831

        

    


        
        

        
        
        


            
          

        
        


            
          

        


        

          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        

          &#160;&#160; &#8226; Interest rate at
          5.9% per annum due 12/28/2015

        

          12
696
196

        
        

          -

        

      
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

          12
696
196

        
        

          &#160;
          -

        

    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        

479
779


        
        


        
        


        

540


        
        


        
        


        

337
374


        
        


        
        


        

086
221


        
        


        
        


        

116


        
        


        
        


        

148
466


        
        


        
        


        

023
251


        
        


        
        


        

982


        
        


        
        


        

693


        
        


        
        


        

338
098


        
        


        
        


        

574
233


        
        


        

031
566


        
        


        
        


        

142
658


        
        


        
        


        

825


        
        


        
        


        

810


        
        


        
        


        

348
971


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

405


        
        


        
        


        

148
466


        
        


        
        


        

116


        
        


        
        


        

405


        
        


        

161


        
        


        
        


        

380
537


        

361
349


        
        


        
        


        

540


        
        


        

702


        
        


        
        


        

405


        
        


        
        


        

110
917


        
        


        
        


        

693


        

269
620


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

135


        
        


        
        


        

116


        
        


        
        


        

361
349


        
        


        

110
917


        
        


        
        


        

512


        
        


        
        


        

810


        
        


        
        


        

215


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

046
503


        

587
024


        
        


        
        


        

174
049


        
        


        
        


        

587
024


        
        


        
        


        

512


        
        


        
        


        

587
024


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

574
233


        
        


        
        


        

920


        
        


        

174
049


        
        


        
        


        

587
024


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

148
467


        
        


        

810


        
        


        

725
143


        

018
450




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

177
915


        

849
573


        

898)


        

693)


        

734
017


        

469
880


        

693)


        

902)


        

205)


        

791)


        
        


        
        


        

898)


        

693)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

              Restricted Cash represents interest bearing deposits placed with banks to secure banking facilities in the form of loans and notes payable. The restriction of funds is based on time. The funds that collateralize loans are held for
              60
              days in savings account that pay interest at the prescribed national daily savings account rate. For funds that underline notes payable
 the cash is deposited in six month time deposits that pay interest at the national time deposit rate.
            


    




        
          

        
          
            

 generally by contractual agreements or regulatory requirements. This would include
 but not limited to
 a description of the restricted assets and the terms of the restriction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

367


        

237


        

270


        

424


        

168


        

639


        

263


        

128


        

280
212


        

880
122


        

861
280


        

147
550




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y
C1F
#1A

T










M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X.DYA

241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?24Y#/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T%3/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?4U1//]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U5-34%2
M65]/1E]324=.249)0T%.5%]!0T-/54Y4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R



M965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4D535%))0U1%1%]#05-(/]X.DYA;64^#0H@

M14E604)
#I.86UE






T0B5V]R
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C

O4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z





M965T
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z



3$E.1U])3E1%4D53
M5%



C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@




M965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z




M93Y


T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS



#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E
M=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E=',O4VAE970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(

O4VAE970S

M86UE/DQ!3D1?55-%7U))1TA44U].151?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@


S

&-E;%=O

M5$%815-?4$%904)
15-?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H


U+FAT;6PB+SX-




M15)-7T1%0E1?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L
M5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4T%
15-?0EE?4%)/1%5#5%]465!%


M#0H@(`@/'@Z3F%M93Y%05).24Y'4U]015)?4TA!4D5?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA

M0T]-4$5.4T%424].7U1A8FQE/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3$5!4T5?0T]-34E4345.5%-?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^

M4TE37T]&7U!215-%3E1!
#I.86UE/E-534U!4EE?3T9?4TE'3DE&24-!3E1?04-#3U5.5#(\+W@Z













3TY'


25I!5$E/3E].87)R871I=F5?



M3TY#3TY44D]


M7T1E=&%I;'





M-30N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC

M965T-38N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z

M+U-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@









M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M-CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC

M965T-S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z



T0B5V]R:W-H965T


5]'96]G<F%P/]X
M.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U<F-E($A2968]
T0B5V]R:W-H


T0B5V]R


T0B


M


M968]







%\T
M8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y8F4P8C1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+SDR-&8P-&$R7S0W-S!?-&(Y-%\Y9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E
&(T82]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$584D%%/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

3X\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@


M
2P@
C`Q



]

]
T1T






]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P
3(\












]
T1T
M97AT/C`P
#$Q





]
T1R



]


]






]


]





]


]



M)`Q.PT


C`Q


]



]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y
C1F
#1A

M85\U86

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



M0D%
04Y#12!32$5%5%


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P


]
T1T97AT


T1T




]
T1N=6UP/C
L


]

]




]
T1N=6UP/C
X+#`W
BPW




C(L

]





38T+#


]


38L


]



M1&YU;7`^
3(X+#0R
RPU



]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C(W



M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C4L-#(U+#(U


($%3



]
T1R

M;7`^
C@L-S(U+#$T



M+#(R-BPQ




]
T1N=6UP/C
L.3`P+#


]

#4L
M




]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L.3


]


]





\

]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$T+#
X
BPS



BPV.38L








]




#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!R97-P96-T


2!P87(@=F%L=64L(#(P

38L-S$T(&%N9`S-PU


Q+`R
M,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q+!R97-P96-T:79E;'D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C



]
T1N=6UP/C4S+#0X


RPP
34L-C





]
T1N=6UP/C8U+#DS.2PW
3



M;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


34L



]

M



T1T;W`^5$]404P@4U1/0TM(3TQ$15(G4R!%455)5%D\+W1D

#(L
S4P/'-P86X^

34V+#DT


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4P+#
V
M-2PR
S





O4VAE970P
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M0T].4T]

M86QI9VX]

M+C`P

]

@075T:&]R:7IE9#PO=&0^



]




]
T1N=6UP








#`L

C`P+#`P

]
T1R93X-




C1F
#1A

M86


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C$S+#(R
M
BPQ






]
T1N=6UP
M/C0U+#`Q


]
T1R93X-


3$L-S0Q+#8Y




]




]

]
T1N
M=6T^*#$W+#`Y-RPT

]
M


S$L.#4Y+#0P


]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]

S



T1T;W`^


M1&YU;7`^



]




]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#0X
2PT


#
L



M-RPV-#

M1&YU;3XH-BPX
3DL



]


2PP.#






]
T1N=6UP





]
T1N=6UP/C(W+#`U-BPQ
M


]
T1R93X-






]

2PS
C$L
3`Q/'-P

2PQ
M.38L-#





RPY

M9W

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^+2!$:6QU=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^+2!87-I8SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C



]
T1N=6UP
M/C


&(T80T*



]

M:60]


M
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R





M+#`X
RPY


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-T;V-K(&%N9!S:&%R92!B87-E9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX\



]
T1R93X-





]


]



M


T1T;W`^*$EN8W)E87-E*2]D96-R96%S


]





]
M
T1N=6T^*#8P+#8X


M='




]






]





]
M
T1N=6T^*#
L
#(Y+#DS



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N=!F;W(@=&AE



]




]



]
T1N=6UP/C8Y-RPW.#







]

M:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#
T-RPQ-C@I

M
38L






]
T1N=6T^*#$R+#

S0L
S8V+#(Y
M


RPT



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4F5P87EM96YT(&]F(&YO=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M

#D\



I/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S






M17%U:79A;&5N='




BPQ


M8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('!E

]
T1N=6UP



]

S(L
S0U
M+#8P


]



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=&5R97-T(')E8V5I=F5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

C(L



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-BPX-S$L-3

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y
C1F
#1A

M.31?.68X85\U86


T0G




]
T1T:#Y!9&1I=&EO;F%L(%!A


]


@


M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]N8V]N=')O;&QI



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

2PS-#`L-S


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
3(Y+#
T


I
M(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


]


M





M;7`^-C0T+#(T


]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\








]

]


]


]


]

]


]



BPV
S8L

BPV
S8L
38P

]
T1T97AT


T1T










]






]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


]

T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@870@1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q


]


34L


]
T1N


#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\








]
T1N=6UP/C4P
RPT.3
\





M
#


]


]


]


]


]

]






M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
2PW-#`I/'-P86X^





2PW-#
L



M;7`^

]
T1P

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
C8T+#0R
M






]



]


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C@U-BPW-S8\


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M





M


N(#
Q

38L


M
C1F
#1A


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4







M25



S$L(#(P
M

M25I!5$E/3BP@0D%325







T1J

M=&EM97




M/]T86)L93X-B`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&$I/]I/@T*

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


M.#(R
#M#;VUP86YY)B
X

C`[04Q.)B
X
C(Q.RD@=V%S


RP@



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/&D^*&(I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M




MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

3LI+B!)3$@@:7
@82!#87EM

M





M(S@R

C$[*2X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C



-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#@P



M960@87

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C



'!T.R!M87)G:6XZ(&EN:&5R:70[

#DL('1H92!#;VUP86YY


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

F4Z(#$P<'0[(&UA<F=I;CH@:6YH
M97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@3VX@2G5N92`R.P@
C`Q

M:6=I;F%L;'D@9&ER96-T;'D@;W=N960@8GD@5&%E8F]N9R!);F

#$P+B!/;B!397!T96UB97(@
C
L
M(#(P




M97!T96UB97(@
C
L(#(P


@

M

M;7!A;GD@8F]O:V5D(&$@9V%I;B!O9B`D
S@S+#0X
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M=VAI8V@@:7

M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y

L


M(`@(`@(`@(!/;B!-87D@
RP@
C`P-RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@96YT97)E

PT*



X
C(P
M.V)E;F5F:6-I86P@;W=N97(F(S@R
C$[*2!W:&5R96)Y('1H92!#;VUP86YY

S$Y+#DQ
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@*&%F



M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*






M(&%S('1H92`F(S@R

X
M






M97-S(&]F($E
2X\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


'!T


@87)E('1H








4^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M:3XH9D\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@



M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]








N(%1H92!#

M:61I87)I97



%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4U5-34%262!/1B!324=.249)0T%.5!!
M0T-/54Y424Y'(%!/3$E#2453(%M497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

@;F5W

M:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/E-534U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!
M3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B
M;&4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E

T0Q

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI
M/BAA*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^

M(`\:3Y-971H;V0@;V8@06-C;W5N=&EN9SPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@
M86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ


N(%1H





M=&5S(&]F($%M97)I8V$@86YD(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!C;VYS:7-T96YT;'D@87!P


@
M;V8@86-C;W5N=&EN9RX\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B

M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@


M(#




38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


M:6YC:7!L97


M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='




M9VYI9FEC86YT(&EN=&5R+6-O;7!A;GD@86-C;W5N='
@86YD('1R86YS86-T



@;V8@;6EN;W)I='D@:6YV97-T;W)S(&%R92!R

M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP






MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y0;&%C92!O9CPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@



M8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^4F5G:7-T97)E9#PO:3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/&D^3F%M92!O9B!#;VUP86YY/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@




M=`E/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\:3YC87!I=&%L/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9CY3:&%N9&]N9R!,;W)A:6X@0V\N+!
=&0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M9B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@.#`N
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@
3(L.#
W+#
Y-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^3'5O=&EA;B!,
M;W)A:6X@0V\N+!
=&0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0L

PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@



M=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T0Q
4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/D)E


M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P
`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#4X-RPP
C0-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M


M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3Y04D
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R+#0S-RPV-S`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

B4^)B
Q


M
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#$P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-3@L-S`R#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]

#`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-#DL
S@V+#(Q
M.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1A8FQE






4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&,I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
M

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I


#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@



M;&EA8FEL:71I97

M;F0@97AP96YS97





!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D


M=&EM97

4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/&D^*&0I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y('-T



3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C

M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAE*3PO
M:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@







T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

@;F5W(')O


@:70@:&]L
M9'







M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^
M)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@




@87)E(&5X8VQU9&5D(&9R;VT@



M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\






@



@

M:7










M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/B8C


M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^
M*&8I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-

M(#QI/E1R861E(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B



3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R




MB`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M97





M9X\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\


@86YD









@971C

M;'D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R
4@;V8@=&AE('1O=&%L(&%M;W5N=!C

M87-S:69I960@87

M8V-O=6YT(&YA;64@)B
X

X
C(Q


M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G


M(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAI*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S



M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT






M

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L



M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P

34E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9CY=6EL9&EN9W,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

34E/B8C
38P


M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!Y

34E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY-


34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@('EE87)S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

T1L969T/DUO
M=&]R('9E:&EC;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Q

-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V









4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF
F4Z(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SY4:&4@
M8V]S=!A;F0@<F5L871E9!A8V-U;75L871E9!D97!R96-I871I;VX@;V8@
M87-S971S('-O;&0@;W(@;W1H97)W:7-E(')E=&ER960@87)E(&5L:6UI;F%T
M960@9G)O;2!T:&4@86-C;W5N='

@:7
@
M:6YC;'5D960@:6X@=&AE('-T871E;65N=!O9B!I;F-O;64N(%1H92!C;W-T
M(&]F(&UA:6YT96YA;F-E(&%N9!R97!A:7)S(&ES(&-H87)G960@=&\@:6YC

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&D^*&HI/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@









M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&LI/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@



M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT


M

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L



M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&PI
M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M93H@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M;&4]


M;&EV960@87-S971S(&AE;&0@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@87)E(')E=FEE=V5D

#M&05-)B,X,C(Q.RD@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3
M=&%N9&%R9',@0V]D:69I8V%T:6]N(@F(S@R
C`[05-#)B
X
C(Q.RD@4W5B
M=&]P:6
@
S8P+3$P+3

L)B
X
M





@=&AA
M;B!I='

@=&\@8F4@9V5N97)A=&5D

T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

@


@:7









M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L

@;F5W(')O;6%N

T0Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QI/BAM*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@
M86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ


T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B







M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^

@;F5W



M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B







M86YD(&1E=F5L;W!M96YT/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0^)B



T0P(&-E;&QS

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT



M1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T
M;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*'`I/]I/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM


M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF


T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B
M;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B

@

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAQ*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




M=FED960@9F]R('1H92!N970@=&%X(&5F9F5C='


@;V8@87-S


M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7
@86)L92!T;R!R96%L:7IE('1H96ER(&)E;F5F:71S


@5&]P:6
@








M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M




@9&5F:6YE


Q+`R,#`W+B!(;W=E
M=F5R+!04D


M(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$
2!I<R!S=6)J96-T('1O(%5N:71E9!3=&%T97
@5&%X


@:6X@=&AE(')A;F=E(&]F.B`M/]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M

@;F5W(')O

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

3`E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3Y2
M871E/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

M(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3Y/=F5R/]U/@T*(`@




3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$U)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@



M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@
C4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#4P+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W-2PP,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-3`L,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


T0Q
M
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S0E
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]


T0Q
R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
M
#`L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
Y)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
#`L
#`P#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#,S-2PP
M,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#,T)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0Q
R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`S
S4L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P+#`P,PP
#`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
S
U+#`P

3`E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#,U)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

#`L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$U+#`P,PP
#`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`L
M
#`P+#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#


M:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$X+#
S
RPS
S
-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
34L
#`P+#`P

3`E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#,U)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

S
L
S
S#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@

M92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T

M97

T0Q

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAR*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^



BPR-C0L-#(P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@86YD(0R+#8S-BPQ-C`-


M
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P







M:7-T97)E9!C87!I=&%L+@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,!C96QL





M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@








M86YY(&ES('1H92!296YM:6YB:2`H4DU*2X@5&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T


@;V-C
M=7)R960N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M

M=&EM97

T0Q
#`E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$
38E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QI/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3(\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

38E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QI/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3$\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W4^#0H@

M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M
T0Q-B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V+C
P
3$-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

M(`@(`@(#8N
S4R

3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
38E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@-BXS
#
T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0Q-B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V+C0U-#0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T86)L








M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1A
M8FQE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M97)I9CLG('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@




M8V4@:7






T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M=&EM97



@;V8@:6YV;VEC960@=F%L=64@;V8@9V]O9'





M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*










@;V8@:&]W('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&-O;F1U

@


M0B!!4T
@-C`U+34P(A%251&(#`Q+3DI(&%N9!W:6QL(&%C8V]U;G0@9F]R



M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7-I



M
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*'4I/]I/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM87)G

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/B8C

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y('-T



3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@

M92!S=6T@;V8@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&]R9&EN

M('-E8W5R:71I97


2P@
C`Q

@=V5R92!I


M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P



M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#`Y+`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L
S
T+#4W
M


M-2PP


M;7!A;GDF(S@R


N#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

@



M;RX@




M=&5D($504RX@0F%S:6






T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M:7IE.B`Q



T0Q
M

M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V





M:6QU=&5D($504RX\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@



M93H@

M:61T:#TS1#4E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3XH=BD\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT


@86YD(&]T:&5R(')E

M:6YG(&%M;W5N='

@9'5E
M('1O('1H96ER('-H;W)T(&UA='5R:71I97
N($%30R!4;W!I8R`X

M+B!!4T
@5&]P:6



@


M97

M;VQI9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='



M92!L979E;'







M97


M97

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@



M96P@
B!I;G!U='









T0G;6%R9VEN


R!I;G!U='
@=&\@


M/'`@86QI9VX]


M;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='


3L@86YD
M($%30R`X





M

M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^070@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


3`E/E%U;W1E9!I;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@









Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T/C(P,3(Z/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M86QI9VX]

B4^)B
Q

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1C96YT97(@

24^)B


M
B4^)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^9F]R($ED
M96YT:6-A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N



M

B4^)B

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$

M


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M1#$E/B8C

\+W1D

M
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^26YP=71S/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


B4^)B

M

3`E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XH3&5V96P@
2D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

M;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XH3&5V96P@
BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

M;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XH3&5V96P@
RD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

M;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3Y4;W1A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9CY&:6YA;F-I86P@87-S971S.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M9F8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^0V%S:#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`S
BPS-#4L-C`S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M,#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@
S(L
S0U+#8P
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M8W1E9!#87-H/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S+#DY.PY-38-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^5&]T86P@9FEN86YC:6%L

#`P



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0@86QI9VX]

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
V+#
T-PU-3D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^)B

B4^)B

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q
M-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@

M
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M

M=&EM97

T0Q
#`E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^070@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q



M/B8C



M:#TS1#$E/B8C

#L\

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/C(P
3$Z/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$

M

24^)B

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$
B4^)B

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



M86QI9VX]

24^)B
Q


M
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

38P

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


T1C96YT

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B










24^)B


M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

24^)B

24^)B

24^)B

24^)B

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

3`E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9CY&:6YA;F-I86P@87-S971S.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^0V%S:#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-RPS-3,L-#DT#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

RPP


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P



M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

RPP


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y4;W1A
M;!F:6YA;F-I86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
M

24^)#PO=&0^

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S,PS-S`L
M.#8U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^1FEN
M86YC:6%L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('-T

P
#`P
#`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@

M
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3`E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y4;W1A
M;!F:6YA;F-I86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

T1R:6=H

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1R

M;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@(`\







@86YD(&-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97

M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@







M:6%B:6QI='D@:&%S(&)E96X@:6YC=7)R960@86YD('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@


M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D
M97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D

@;F5W

T0Q

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAX*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S
F4Z(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y#;VUP<F5H96YS:79E(&EN8V]M93PO:3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M93H@
3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/D-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE



N($%M;VYG(&]T:&5R




M;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N=!A;F0@=6YR96%L:7IE9!G86EN(&]R(&QO

N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C

M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM87)G
M:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY('5S97
@1D%30B!!4T
@5&]P:6
@
M

M97


@9'5E('1O(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(&)Y('-T;V-K:&]L9&5R

M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R








4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*'DI/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
M

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I
M=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/E)E8V5N=!A8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R
M;VYO=6YC96UE;G1S/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@



C`Q
BP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S
M=65D($%352`R


U


@=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('=H971H97(@







M97(@55


M('1H:7



M(#(P

3(M


X
C(Q.R`H)B
X
C(P.T%352`R
#$R+3`T)B
X
M
C(Q.RDN/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(%1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&-O
M=F5R(&$@=VED92!R86YG92!O9B!T;W!I8W
@:6X@=&AE($9!4T(@05-#+B!4





M=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$





T0Q

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D




2!D;V-U;65N=!G=6ED86YC92!A;F0O;W(@<W5B
M<V5Q=65N=!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&EN=&\@=&AE($9!4T(@05-#+B!/9G1E;BP@







M97


M;&4]



@;F5W(')O

M9W5I9&%N8V4N(%1H97-E(&%M96YD;65N='






3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3YB+CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N
F4Z(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R
M:70[)SY/;B!T:&4@9F%I<B!V86QU92!M96%S=7)E;65N=',@:7-S=64L('1H
M92!G=6ED86YC92!I;B!!4U4@,C`Q,BTP-!I9&5N=&EF:65S('=H96X@=&AE
M('5S92!O9B!T:&4@=&5R;2`F(S@R





M='



M=#H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E

M(#(P

3(M


M;W!I8R`X
#4M

CM)9&5N



M='5T:6]N(&EN=F]L=FEN9R!A;B!I;F1E;6YI9FEC871I;VX@86=R965M96YT

@96YT:71I97
L('1H92!A;65N
M9&UE;G1S(&EN('1H:7






3!P=#LG/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#



3`E.R!F



3
L('1H

3
M


3L@


3$M
3$L($)A




M:71I97


@8W)I=&5R:6$@8V]N




#$S+B!-86YA9V5M96YT(&1O97


@82!S:6=N:69I



M-2P@
C`Q

M:6]N(&]F('1H:7

M(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W












]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



M:61T:#TS1#4E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B


'!T.R!M87)G
M:6XZ(&EN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@4F5S=')I8W1E9!#87-H



M8W1I;VX@;V8@9G5N9'
@:7
@8F%S960@;VX@=&EM92X@5&AE(&9U;F1S('1H






M(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@


&(T80T*



]

M:60]
T1)1#!%-D


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5%)!1$4@04-#3U5.5%
@4D5#14E604)
12!;5&5X=!

M;&4]

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^-X\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@





M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q,CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\


M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3$\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/E1R861E(&%C8V]U
M;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M


T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`T

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P
M+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#0T
M,RPX.3@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T



T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M
!S;VQI9!R
M9V(H
P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-#@L-S
T+#`Q-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P
M+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V

M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


M:#TS1#$E/B8C

B\S
2\R
#$Q
M/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H
M

PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#
S-2PY
#(-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\

M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H-C0L,C`U#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/D)A9!D96)T('=R:71T96XM;V9F/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED
M(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@

M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/D5N9&EN9R!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M('=I9'1H/3-$
!S;VQI9!R9V(H
M,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@*#0T,RPX.3@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#
W.2PV.3
-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@




M

`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(!T;PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M96X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!T;PT*(`@(`@


C1F
#1A

M86










#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D
M97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D

@;F5W

T0Q

M;&4]

'!T.R!M87)G:6XZ(&EN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/&(^3U1(15(@4D5#14E604),15,\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^


M:6YG(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R




!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


M97

4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/@T*(`@

35P=#L@

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#LG/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M=3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$R/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M86QI9VX]

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O
M,S$O,C`Q,3PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C






M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T


24^
M)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#,R-BPR-S`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

35P



3!P=#LG/D]T:&5R(&YO
M;BUR96QA=&5D(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`W-BPQ-C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S
3DL
M-C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V





M

\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

PT*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(#(Q
RPQ
C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


M:#TS1#4E/B8C



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S

@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O
M;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL

M(#0L.#8Q+#(X
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#8L,30W+#4U,`T*(`@



M93H@


M;WEE97


@:7-S=65D('1O(&5M








@;VX@8F5H86QF(&]F('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY(&%R92`F(S@R

F(S@R
C$[('1O
M('1H92!E;7!L;WEE97





3!P=#LG/E)E;&%T960@


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3$Z
M/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M97)I9CLG('=I9'1H/3-$

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$R/]U/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@



T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
3PO=3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M

M1-E-F5F9F8^0VAE;BP@4VD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q


M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`@(`@(#$S
RPP-S`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.#DV#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/DQI
M=2P@3&EH=6$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@-S@L-S$R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/EEO=2P@2'5A9&]N9SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T-3`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


M:#TS1#4E/B8C


P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.3DL
C8S#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

!S;VQI
M9!R9V(H
P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
C$S+#$R.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R


M960@8GD@;6%N86=E;65N=!F;W(@:F]B(&]R('1R879E;!D:7-B=7)S96UE

N($%S('=I=&@@;W1H


M=X\+W`^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]





BP@2G5N






M;6]U;G1S(&%R92!D:7-C;&]S960@87

M

M

=&0N('1O('-E
M;&P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R



#`-





@;V8@:6YC;VUE(&%N

M34(T
BPP
CDL.34U#0H@(`@(!H87
@8F5E;B!R96-E:79E9!A;F0@4DU
M

C@P+#(Q
BD@:7









%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y8F4P8C1A#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDR-&8P-&$R7S0W-S!?-&(Y-%\Y9CAA
M7S5A8S1E.6)E

3(N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M

]



T1T;W`^24Y614Y43U))
M15

M=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C8N/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
M

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN.B!I;FAE




T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A

T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3(\
M+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M/B8C

B\S
2\R
#$Q/]U/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A

W
2PX
C4-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R
RPX-S@L.#$P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y
C1F
#1A

M.31?.68X85\U86



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M(%!

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P




M9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXW+CPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\

@;F5W(')O;6%N


M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M93H@

M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R


M

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L



M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
CPO=3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M

24^)B


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3$\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E


M/B8C

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q
M-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#M=6EL9&EN9W
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S@L
M-S
P+#$W
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W-2PU
#DL
38T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/B8C
38P
M.R`F(S$V
#L@)B

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@-RPY-#,L-C`U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[36%C:&EN

M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,2PS-S0L
M-C,U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V
M
#L@)B

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-C$X+#4U.`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.TUO=&]R('9E:&EC;&5S/]T9#X-

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`Q

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P
M+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/B8C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

2PR-SD-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=3Y
97-S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\:3XZ/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&1E

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.T)U:6QD:6YG

24^)B
Q-C`[


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(@U+#DQ,2PY-S$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M*#0L,30Q+#$S,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B

M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H,BPQ,#@L
M-C8Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO=&0^

M(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@
M)B

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@T+#DX.PX-S,-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
M
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF
M(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.TUO=&]R('9E:&EC;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P
M+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`H-3(V+#0X-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
!S;VQI
M9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S

3$L.#8V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P
M*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#$Q+#`W,RPY
M-S(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O
M;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`X-PV,SDL-S(V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`Q

M/3-$
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@
M,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



M=&EM97











M



]
T1R

T1)1#!%-D


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DQ!3D0@55-%(%))1TA44RP@3D54(%M497AT($)L;V-K



M(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXX+CPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M(`@(`@(`\8CY,04Y$(%5312!224=(5%,L($Y%5#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@


MB`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
M

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN.B!I;FAE


2P@
C`Q
B!A
M;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M=7`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@




M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

Q+S(P
3(\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO

T1N;W=R87`@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$Q/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(!,86YD('5S92!R:6=H=',L#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&D^870@8V]S=#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

3DR+#
W
M.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V+#$S-PX-#4-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

M

M(`@(`\:3YA=!C;W-T/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`T.2PS-C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T.PY-S(-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO=&0^


M(`@(`@/&D^870@8V]S=#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(%!A=&5N=P-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\:3YA=!C;W-T/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]


3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-#DW#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


24^
M)B


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P
M*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`Q+#0X-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V+#
P
PY
M,SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V+#(T,BPU,S`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M
!S;VQI9!R
M9V(H
P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#$L
#`T+#(W
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@
M,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P
M+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`U+#(Y-BPV-C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
!S;VQI9!R9V(H
M,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U+#0R-2PR
M-3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M




M=VED=&@]
T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B


'!T







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y
C1F
#1A
M





M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R


M0FQO8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(#QB/CDN/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*

M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P


M

M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

3`E/@T*

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

24^)B
Q

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3$\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/&D^3&]A;G

M($)A;FLL/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(#8N-S$P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$O
C4O
C`Q
@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@



M(#8N
3`P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#(O
3DO
C`Q
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#DT-PU-#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C


M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#
L
S
W+#
W-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
X


M9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M-C8V)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$Q+S(S+S(P
3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

3$V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
X

T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:6YA+#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

24^)B
Q-C`[


M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C

M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L
#(S+#(U
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
X

M(`@(#8N-#`U)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#0O,C0O,C`Q,@T*(`@(`@(`@

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4U,PY.#(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`V+C0Q

M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`V,CDL-CDS#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S@R

#$R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

2PS
S@L
#DX#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#LF(S@R,C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M-BXT

B\R
#$R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@,2PU-S0L,C,S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A

#LF(S$V
#L@)B
X
C(V

#$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#`S,2PU-C8-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

\R,#$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#$T,BPV-3@-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

38P.R8C
38P.R`F(S@R
C8[($EN

M.R!D=64@-\Q.2\R,#$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3Y!/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-C,T+#@Q,`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
X
C(V.R!);G1E


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A


M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

BXR
#$E('!E

2\Q
\R,#$R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S`X
M+#0P-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
X
C(V.R!)

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

B4^)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@
RPQ-#@L-#8V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF
M(S@R,C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3(N
C`Q
M)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$R+S$S+S(P
3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

3$V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S@R
M,C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3(N
3
V)2!P
M97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$R+S(Y+S(P
3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`W
#@L-#`U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V
M,#LF(S@R,C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3(N
M
3
V)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$O
3`O
C`Q
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/B8C

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@8F=C;VQO

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/DQO86X@9G)O;2!#


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#LF(S@R,C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M-RXX)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#@O
CDO
C`Q


M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L
S@P
M+#4S-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,BPS-C$L,S0Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

B4^)B

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#8N

3(O
C`Q
@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#DT-PU-#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C


M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Q-3@L-S`R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@.XT)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#8O
R\R
#$S#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@
S$W+#0P-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@




M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS



M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^0F%N:R!O9B!
M96EJ:6YG+#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#8R
M.2PV.3
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L,C8Y+#8R,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S@R

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
C
V+#$S-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
X

24^)B

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^

38-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


C`Q
@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#(L,S8Q+#,T.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M(#8N

2\S
\R,#$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2PQ
M,3`L.3$W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S@R

C`Q
PT*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

RPU
3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^


3
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

S0L
M.#$P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V


#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
X
C(V.R!)

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.34R+#(Q-0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^0F5I:FEN
M9R!2=7)A;!#;VUM97)C:6%L($)A;FLL(%-H:6QI8F%O($)R86YC:P\+VD^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

Q-C`[

M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

T)2!P
M97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#DO-B\R
#$R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,BPP-#8L
M-3`S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@8F=C

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

=&0N+#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L
M-3@W+#`R-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


T0Q

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@

M(#
O-R\R
#$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
RPQ-S0L
#0Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
X


M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


#(T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\:3Y(86YK;W4@0F%N:RP@1W5A;G-H86X@0G)A;F-H+#PO:3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

#$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-SDS+#4Q
M
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT



M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


#(T#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M


M(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E


#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V

M(#$R+S(S+S(P
3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$



38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@



M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


B4^
M)B

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@


M-B\R
#$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^0SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@,RPQ-S0L,#0Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F
M(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S@R,C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@-RXR)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#@O
CDO
C`Q
PT*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/D(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


2\Y+S(P
3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@



T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B8C

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



M;V8@0VAI;F$\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S@R

2\R-B\R
#$S#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P
M+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`V,S0L.#$P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
W!X(&1O=6)L92!R9V(H
M
P@,P@

-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L

S8L
#$X+#0U
`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M

M(&)E;&]W(')E;6%R:W

@87)E(&=U87)A;G1E





M960@87






M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
CQB

]





M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF
F4Z(#$P<'0[(&UA<F=I;CH@:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^5$%815,@4$%904),15,\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^







4^#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3(\
M+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\


M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/E9A;'5E(&%D9&5D('1A

24^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#0R.PX.#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

S(W#0H@(`@(`@

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



W
PV-34-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#(L.#(R+#
R
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#0L.3,V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M9'1H/3-$

B4^)B

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M86)L93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4U+#@W-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-#8L

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/E-T86UP('1A

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2PT-#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#DL
S8Y#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
34T+#$Q
@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

M969F9CY

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

C
L.3@X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-#4T
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`T+#DU-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@



24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
!S;VQI9!R9V(H
P@,P@
M
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
!S;VQI
M9!R9V(H
P@,P@
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0L
C
W
M+#$T
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B








M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L




M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXQ

M97)I9CL@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R!M87)G:6XZ(&EN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M

#$Q.CPO




!S='EL93TS1=B


M86XL=&EM97

4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
M
C`Q
CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3$\
M+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

@86YD('=A9V5S
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@-34L-C,Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S0L.3(W#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R
3DL-C
P

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@,CDP+#(R.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$W,BPP.30-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,#,L.#(W#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$X,BPS-S@-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T,C(L,3`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M87EA8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q

M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G
M8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U-RPU-30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@
M,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y
C1F
M
#1A




M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O



]



!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D


M=&EM97

4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M8CXQ
BX\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N




@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@
M86YD(#(P


M;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B

@

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$R/]U
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

24^)B

T1N
M;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3$\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M=!86YK/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

M(`@(`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@)B
X

M+S(P
3`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4W
M+#`V-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\


M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y

M($1E=F5L;W!M96YT($)A;FL\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

38P.R8C
38P.R`F(S@R
C8[($EN

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$U.PW,#(-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

38P.R8C
38P.R`F(S@R
M


M(`@(`S

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI
M/DQO86YS(&9R;VT@1&5U='-C:&4@26YV97-T:71I;VYS+75N9#PO:3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

X
C(P.T1%1R8C.#(R
M

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A

#LF(S$V
#L@)B
X

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PX-S4L
#`P#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

#LF(S$V
#L@)B
X

M=!R871E(&%T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4N-3$P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E
M(#DO,34O,C`Q,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$



M(`@(`T+#(R-BPQ

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('-T
!S;VQI9!R9V(H
P@,P@
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4W+#`V-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B



M97



2P@
C`Q
B!A
M;F0@
C`Q
3H\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L

@;F5W(')O;6%N

T0Q

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$R/]U/@T*(`@(`@

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@

24^)B

T1N;W=R87`@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3$\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[

M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y%;G1W:6-K;'5N9W-G
M97-E;&QS8VAA9G0@;6)((@F(S@R
C`[1$5')B
X
C(Q.RD\+VD^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V


M

#$V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

S0P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

Q#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[)B

C0O
M
C`Q-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G
M8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T+#(X
M-PY-C8-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


P@,P@

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`Q

M/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/'`@
M86QI9VX]


M:7IE.B`Q







38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0^*&$N*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Y
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]






M9V%G92!I;B!T:&4@86UO=6YT(&]F(&%B;W5T(%531#$R+#`P
PP,#`-B`@


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE



38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^*&,N*3PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Y
4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#L@


3(H
2DH82DI(&%N


MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/BAD+BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$.3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L

M;&4]

@;F5W


M:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9!$96-E

2P@
C`Q
3H\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D
M97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D

@;F5W

T0Q

M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$R/]U/@T*

M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C

24^)B

T1N;W=R
M87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3$\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

Q-C`[)B

3(O
C@O
C`Q
M-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P
M+`P+`P*3LG('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


P@,P@
D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@
3(L-CDV+#$Y-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

T0Q)3XD


P@,P@
D[)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3(L-CDV+#$Y-@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
!S;VQI9!R
M9V(H
P@,P@
D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q
M-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`@(#QB



'!T.R!M87)G:6XZ(&EN





C1F
#1A
E\T


M;G0]

2!R



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

25I!5$E/3B!;



M-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^,3,N/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


'!T
M.R!M87)G:6XZ(&EN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@($1A=&EN9R!B86-K
2!U;F1E<G=E;G0@82!R979E



#`X


M(&]F#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S-C`L
C`W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!S:&%R97
[



@T*








M9B!S979E;B!S:&%R97
@:7

@

2P@
C`Q
B!W
M87
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#
T+#8Q-BPW
30N#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*

M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P

M('EE87(@
C`P.2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U
M-BPS.3

@96UP

C`P.3L-




M/]T86)L93X-B`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]




C`Q

#$P+B!4:&4@


M97(@
3`L(#(P
3`N(%1H:7

M
`T*(`@(`@;F5T('!R;V-E961S('1O('1H92!#;VUP86YY+B!4:&4@0V]M

#`P#0H@(`@(!S:&%R97
@=&\@:71S

RP@
C`Q


M=6ES:71I;VX@8V]S=X-B`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T


M#0H@(`@(!&;W(@=&AE('EE87(@
C`Q
P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=')A;G-F
M97)R960-B`@(`@(#4L,38Q+#$W-@T*(`@(`@9G)O;2!R971A:6YE9!E



















;W)A:6X@




T1R

T1R:6=H


T1T

C`P+#`P
M
PP,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0Q
R4^)B

T0Q



3
E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#4V+#,Y,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XQ
\R.\R
M

M=&@]
T0Q


#$P/]T9#X-B`@

T0Q
R4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,BPP,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/DYE=R!S:&%R97
@
M:7-S=65D('1O(%!)4$4@:6YV97-T;W)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0Q
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0Q
R4^.2\Q
M


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3
E/CDO
C
O
C`Q
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4L
M
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*



T0Q
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T0Q



M86QI9VX]

M9'1H/3-$
3
E/B8C

C4L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


T0Q
R4^
M)B

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^-R\R

M

#DR#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R


M;WEE97


T0Q
R4^)B

T0Q
M
R4^
3$O
C$O
C`Q
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
V+#`W
PT*



3
E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/C$P+S4O
M,C`Q,CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P.PX-#`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T/D-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!A=`Q
B\S
2\R
#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T0Q
R4^)B

T0Q
M
R4^)B

M:'0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
3

M(`@(`@(`@(`@17AP:7)A=&EO;B!D871E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG


T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=B

M
T0Q
R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q
M-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[
M)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q
M-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M
2PP

!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XU+S
O
C`P-SPO
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$S)3XU+S(O
C`Q

M;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0X.2PS
M,S`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0Q
R4^-2\S+S(P

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XU+S(O
C`Q
M
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A

M
2PS


3
E



2PW-3
L
M.3`Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/C$P+S(X+S(P,#D\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4P,2PQ,34-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q
R4^
3`O
C@O

M9VX]

3
E/@T*

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XQ
M+S4O
C`Q
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/C$O,B\R,#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M($(@9'5R:6YG(#(P
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R
PR.#D-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T0Q
R4^
2\U+S(P
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XQ+S(O
C`Q-#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

3`L
30T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M=&@]
T0Q
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T0Q
R4^)B


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y
C1F
#1A

T93EB93!B



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

24Y'($E.5$5215-44SQB


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

]

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@




M

M3BU#3TY44D]
3$E.1R!)3E1%4D535%
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^

M(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S


@



%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y

O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

]


T1T;W`^4T%
15
@

M

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L



M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P


'!T
M.R!M87)G:6XZ(&EN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^4T%,15,@
M0ED@4%)/1%5#5!465!%/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@

M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@


M(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



M9VX]

T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

3(O
S$O
C`Q
CPO=3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M86QI9VX]

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F/D-H97-T;G5T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,C4L,3`Q
M+#4X-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
3`L
C8S+#DW
PT*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/D-O;G9E;FEE;F-E(&9O;V0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B

M:'0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T+#DY-BPX
#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
P+#`W

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y4;W1A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT


P@,P@
D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(S.2PV-S,L-#8S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
C$S+#(R
BPQ

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@

M+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


38P

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$Q/]U/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$

T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#@Y+#4W,PT*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S-C
L-3`X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^0F5L9VEU;3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V+#`T.2PX
C4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R+#0V-RPS
M-C`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY#86YA
M9&$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#$Q,PU-3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Q-S`L.#$X+#8V.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT


M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U
RPY
C(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`T
RPV-38-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M,BPS-#0L.#(T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

BPW
C$L-#


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG


M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q


M
2PQ-SDL
CDX#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0^2&]N9R!+;VYG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#(Q
BPQ-S0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U-C,L,C@U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


M:#TS1#4E/B8C

M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R
PY.3D-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

Q-C`[



T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9CY*87!A;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG


T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L
C(Q+#DY
`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#(L,3`V+#DW,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#0S,2PX,#@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U.#8L,S(W#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M

M97

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#,X,BPT.#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY0;VQA;F0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q


M
C$S+#DT
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$W-2PT,3`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y0;W)T=6=A;#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W,3$L,#`V#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V


M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T-S$L-34Y#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T/E-A=61I($%R86)I83PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,S,L-S,R#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L,CDP+#@P,@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#$L
3
Y+#8W
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#$Q+#@T-2PT.3D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Y+#$Q.2PY-#(-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

2PQ
S0L

M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^5&%I=V%N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@

BPV-CD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M=&0@86QI9VX]

M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B


M(`@(`@
S@W+#$V-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T/E5N:71E9!+:6YG9&]M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#(L-3$S+#8S-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
L-SDW+#4T.`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/E5N:71E9!3
M=&%T97
!S
M;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
M


T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
!S;VQI9!R
M9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M
C
Y+#8W
RPT-C
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
!S;VQI9!R9V(H
M
P@,P@
D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\
!S;VQI
M9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(Q
RPR
C(L
3`V#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^/'-P86X^/]S


%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y8F4P8C1A

O4VAE970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]

]



T1T;W`^24Y#3TU%(%1!6$53(%M497AT($)L


M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@

T0G9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q
'!T.R!M87)G:6XZ(&EN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB
M/DE.0T]-12!405A%4SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C


M.#(Q-SMS(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@87)E(&EN('1H92!04D
!R871E(&ES

M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@
M86QI9VX]



3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN





T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M=&@]
T0Q

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$R/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3$\+W4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#(X+#@W
PP-#$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(@X,#(L-#$R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

CDL-#@Q
M+#0Q
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

B4^)B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`V+#@R-PR
#$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C


P@,D[)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-


M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

M
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@


P@,P@

M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@-BPX
C0L
C`Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B




M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
3PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M:6]N(&=R86YT960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A


M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
W!X(&1O=6)L92!R
M9V(H
P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

M(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\


P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@



T0G


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT
M97(@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QU/C(P
3(\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
C`Q
3PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M
T0Q)3XF(S$V



T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,S4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

@:6X@4%)#+!N970\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@+3$P)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+3$P)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P
M+`P+`P*3LG('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]


P@,P@
D[)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
2XR-24-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M/B8C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^5&AE($-O
M;7!A;GDF(S@R

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

24^)B
Q-C`[




T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#(T+C0S)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T









&5M<'1I;VX@9F]L;&]W960@8GD@=&AR964M

7,@=V5R92!T97)M:6YA=&5D(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#`W+B!(
M;W=E=F5R+!04D,@9V]V97)N;65N=!H87
@97-T86)L:7-H960@82!S970@

M861Y('-T87)T960@=&%X(&AO;&ED87ES(&)E9F]R92!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P
M

@=6YT



M93H@



@:6X@86YD(&)E9F]R92`R




M92!I;B!T:&4@9G5T=7)E('-O('1H870@:70@=VEL;!B92!A8FQE('1O('1A
M:V4@9G5L;!A9'9A;G1A9V4@;V8@=&AE(&%C8W)U960@87-S970N($%C8V]R












M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&-O;'-P86X],T0T(')O
M=W-P86X],T0Q('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3Y#:&EN


38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^

M(`@(`@(`@/'4^,C`Q,3PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@

M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#`E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`P)0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/DIU;F%N($AO;F=R86X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@,C4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M969F9CY

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R-24-B`@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M(`@(`@(`@(#$U)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R

M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M
34E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N



T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
C4E#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
C4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R-24-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY$;VYG9W5A;B!,;W)A:6X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@
C4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R-24-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@








]

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@


M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]






MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0^)B

M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



T0P(&-E;&QS

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT



M1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@



T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO



B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^1&5C96UB97(@

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF
M(S$V



T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/B8C

M)B

M97)A=&]R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[($YE=!);F-O;64\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
!S;VQI
M9!R9V(H
P@,P@

C(L-C8X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S


P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3DL.3`R+#
V-PT*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9CXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@26YC;VUE($%V86EL86)L92!T;R!#;VUM;VX@
M4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M9'1H/3-$
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,C`L-#(R+#8V.`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@



M

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C

M/3-$
3(E/B8C

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M
!S;VQI9!R9V(H
M
P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-

C(L
M-C8X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS


P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3DL.#@W+#0Y.`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@8F=C;VQO

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS

BPV-C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P
M*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF
M(S$V

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P
M+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,S0L-#0U+#DW,@T*(`@



M8V]L;W(]
!S
M;VQI9!R9V(H
P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S0L-3
S+#@Q-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED
M(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
!S
M;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,S0L-#0U+#DW,@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E


M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
!S;VQI9!R9V(H
P@
M,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=B

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(X,PU
M
C(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

38P

!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T+#4S
RPX

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]


24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/BU
M87-I8SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`P+C4Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO=&0^

M-F5F9F8^+41I;'5T960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
XU.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`P+C4W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1L969T/BU87-I8SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F/BU$:6QU=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S0L-3
S+#@Q-PT*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M
24^)B



M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y
C1F
#1A

T



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


3H@=&EM
M97






#D@26YC96YT:79E
M(%-T;V-K(%!L86X@*'1H92`F(S@R
C`[4&QA;B8C.#(R
3LI+B!4:&4@4&QA

@
M;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R






Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R!M87)G:6XZ(&EN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@

2P@
C`P.2P@=&AE




M871I=F4@97AP96YS97





M=&EM97

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@1'5R:6YG
M('1H92!P97)I;V0@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$L
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@=&]T86P@;V8@)#4P
RPT.3

@




M8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$-3`E


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+2`D-XY.0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I
M9'1H/3-$-3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#
S-PU-S,-B`@(`@(`@

M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`D-2XP
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M(0Y+CDY#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0U,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#`-B`@(`@


M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`D,3`N,#`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@+2`D
30N.3D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#4E.R!F




2P@
C`Q


T1J=7-T:69Y







!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D


M=&EM97

4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C4U+`R-34L(#(U-2D[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H,C4U+`R-34L(#(U-2D[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H

3(\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C4U+`R-34L(#(U-2D[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H,C4U+`R-34L(#(U-2D[)SXF(S$V

M-34L(#(U-2P@

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+C$Y,#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@
XS,R4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

38P

M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M-3DN.3
E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@


M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S-BXP,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S8N
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1A8FQE




14%312!#3TU-251-14Y44SQB


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

]






M9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C$Y+CPO8CX-

M97


M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M93H@


M(%1H92!L96%S92!W87


M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q

M86QI9VX]



3!P=#L@;6%R9VEN




M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QU/D9R;VT\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

96%S92!P87EM96YT/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/C$O
2\R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`X-RPU,S8-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XQ+S$O
C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M)B

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

38P.SPO=&0^

M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Y
BPV.#4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XQ+S$O,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

B\S
2\R
#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Y
BPV.#4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M:#TS1#$R)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XQ+S$O
C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@
M,D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U-BPV-#$-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

P@,D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F






3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@5&AE(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&QE87-E
M(&-O;6UI=&UE;G0@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P




3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^1G)O;3PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

M(#QU/E1O/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V



T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#@T+#(U.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/C$O,2\R,#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#@W+#4S-@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/C$O
2\R
#$T/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#DR+#8X-0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/C$O
2\R
#$U/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@;F]W

3(E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
34\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#DR+#8X-0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/C$O,2\R,#$V/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@


3(E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
38\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#DR+#8X-0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/C$O,2\R,#$W
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#DR+#8X
M-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&/C$O
2\R
M

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q


0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T0G8F]R9&5R

M=&0^)B

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@





M=%\Y
C1F
#1A










]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M;&4]

M(`@(`@(`@/&(^,C`N/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

T0P

3!P





Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#L@;6%R





N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^0BX\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T

M97



M#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B







M+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T
M;W`@=VED=&@]


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V


38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




X
M
C$W.W






M:6-A;P@96-O;F]M:6,@86YD(&QE9V%L(&5N=FER;VYM96YT(&%N9!F;W)E



M4D


L(&%N=&DM:6YF


M1#4E/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S


\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-




L(&5Q=6EP;65N

M1#4E/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S


Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P

X
C$W
M.W
@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
[(&AO=V5V97(L('-I9VYI9FEC86YT









]

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H







Q



MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N


@:71S(&=E;F5R86P@;&5D9V5R(&%N


M:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@86YD(&YO=&5S(&%R92!R97!R97-E;G1A=&EO;G
@




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM87)G


2P@
C`Q
B!I


38P.SPO=&0^


]

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D
M97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D

@;F5W

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^
M*&(I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C







@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S(&UI;F]R:71Y(&EN=&5R

M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-




M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@



T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y!='1R:6)U=&%B


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C

24^)B

T1N;W=R
M87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QI/FEN=&5R97-T(4\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^
M8V%P:71A;#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY3:&%N9&]N9R!

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`X,XR#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3(L.#,W+#,Y-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^3'5O=&EA;B!,;W)A:6X@0V\N
M+!
=&0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO


M(`@(`Q
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0L

PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M969F9B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


3`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M
3`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V


M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/E!2
M0SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M


M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^0V%Y;6%N($ES;&%N9'
\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P,`T*(`@(`@(`@

B4^)B
Q-C`[

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@-#DL
S@V+#(Q.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





M=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAC*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@

M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V

M:6YC:7!L97



M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='




M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V





M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]





M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C


M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/]T

]
M




T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&4I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]




3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0G9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q


@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%T(&9A:7(@




@87)E(&1E=&5R;6EN960@;VX@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^




@=&AE(')E87-O;G
@9F]R('1H92!I


T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C









M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^






@;F5W


M#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B





M861E('=H96X@8V]L;&5C=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@9G5L;!A;6]U;G0@:7,@;F\@
M;&]N9V5R('!R;V)A8FQE+B!860@9&5B='
@87)E('=R:71T96X@;V9F(&%S

M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V


T1T;W`^
M26YV96YT;W)I97


T1T
M;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3XH9RD\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@


T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C






@87)E(&-O
M;7!R:7-E9!O9B!D:7)E8W0@;6%T97)I86QS+!D:7)E8W0@;&%B;W(@86YD

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D
M97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D

@;F5W

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^
M*&@I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C






M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P




M(S@R




M=6-H('1I;64@87
@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R



M8V@@87










M)B

F4Z(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@

M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@


M;F4@;65T:&]D('=I=&@@82!S86QV86=E('9A;'5E(&]F#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Q

@;V8@=&AE('!L86YT(&%N

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M9'1H/3-$
3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/D)U:6QD


M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y




M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^)B
Q-C`[



`T*


M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^36]T;W(@=F5H:6-L97,\+W1D/@T*(`@


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



F4Z(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SY4:&4@8V]S=!A;F0@<F5L
M871E9!A8V-U;75L871E9!D97!R96-I871I;VX@;V8@87-S971S('-O;&0@
M;W(@;W1H97)W:7-E(')E=&ER960@87)E(&5L:6UI;F%T960@9G)O;2!T:&4@
M86-C;W5N='

@:7
@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@
M=&AE('-T871E;65N=!O9B!I;F-O;64N(%1H92!C;W-T(&]F(&UA:6YT96YA
M;F-E(&%N9!R97!A:7)S(&ES(&-H87)G960@=&\@:6YC;VUE(&%S(&EN8W5R


M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C



M




4^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M.B`Q



T0U
M)3XF(S$V







M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C



M/3-$




4^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@

T0G9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q

M86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='

T0U)3XF(S$V
M






3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
F4Z(#$P<'0[;6%R
M9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SY4:&4@;&]N9RUL:79E9!A<W-E='

X
C(P.T9!
M4T(F(S@R

M*8C.#(R,#M!4T,F(S@R,C$[*2!3=6)T;W!I8R`S-C`M,3`M,S4L(8C.#(R
M

M9B!



@:6YD


M97



M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]










M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^



M97)I9CLG('=I9'1H/3-$
3H@=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N

M)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/D%D=F5R=&ES:6YG/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B

@;F5W




M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V


T1T;W`^


T0G8F]R

M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&XI/]I
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@
M86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ


M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M/3-$

M1#4E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAO*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@



M(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C






@:6YC=7)R960N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L
M92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T

M97

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/&D^*'`I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



@=&\@=&AE


M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@





Q



M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M




M;7!A;GD@86-C;W5N='


@:6X@9G5T=7)E('EE87)S



@9F]R(&9I




38P



X


C$[($EN8V]M92!T87@@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@8V]M

@8F5T=V5E
M;B!T:&4@8F%S:7





M9F5R96YC97


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%R92!R


N($$@=F%L=6%T




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J

M=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG

2P@



M82!S=&%N9&%R9`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@




38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF
2!I<R!S=6)J96-T('1O(%5N:71E9!3=&%T97
@5&%X(&%C8V]R



M(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


M
3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*


M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^3V8@06UO=6YT($]V97(\+W4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`Q-24-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U,PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
`T*(`@(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`U

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M-2PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3

M(`@(`S.24-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`P
M+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3


M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S-4-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S
U
M+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Q,PP
#`L


M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M
3`L
#`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3


MB`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S
M.4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@
34L
#`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q.PS
S
L
S
S#0H@(`@(`@



MB`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S-24-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3@L,S,S+#,S,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0Q
R4^#0H@(`@(`@


]

M

M


2!R97-E<G9E<SPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M











@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q
M+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q+B!04D



Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C


]
T1T97AT/CQT
M86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M

M=&EM97

T0Q
#`E/@T*
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/&D^*',I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^

M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C






@87)E('1R86YS;&%T



@87


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M:7IE.B`Q



T0Q
M

M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q-B4^#0H@

B\S
2\R
#$Q/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W4^

T0Q-B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#8N
S`Q
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-BXS-3(S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M
T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0Q-B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#8N
S`S-`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B

38P.SPO


@870@=&AE(')A=&5S('5S960@:6X@=')A;G-L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/B8C



]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


'!T


M(')E8V]G;FET:6]N('!O;&EC:65S(&%R92!I;B!C;VUP;&EA;F-E('=I=&@@



L

6UE;G1S(')E8V5I=F5D(&)E



Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M
3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


M=W



MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N





C`[;F5T(')E=F5N=64F(S@R
C$[+B!4:&4@0V]M


M(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

]
T1R93X-






M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O


T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C








Q+`R,#$P+`T*(`@

M87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
#DL#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#
S


C4U+#`R



M:6QU=&EV92!I9B!T:&4@;6%R:V5T('!R:6-E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
M
C$W.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&5X8V5E9'
@=&AE(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF

#M%
M4%
F(S@R


C`[
M16%R;FEN9W

X
C(Q.R`H)B
X
C(P.U-&05
@3F\N(#$R

M3F\N(#DX(@F(S@R,C`[4T%(#DX)B
X
C(Q.RDN(%-&05



M92!P97)I;V0N($1I;'5T960@15!3(&ES('-I;6EL87(@=&\@8F%S:6
@15!3


I
M(&%S(&EF('1H97D@:&%D(&)E96X@8V]N=F5R=&5D(&%T('1H92!B96=I;FYI





!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z



M:68[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C






M($504RX\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V








M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


M:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C






@9'5E('1O('1H96ER('-H;W)T(&UA
M='5R:71I97
N($%30R!4;W!I8R`X


@5&]P:6


M86ER('9A;'5E+!A;F0@97-T86)L:7-H97,@82!T:')E92UL979E;!V86QU



M;65N='



M:&5E='



@;V8@=F%L=6%T









@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E







M

R!I;G!U='
@=&\@=&AE('9A;'5A=&EO;B!M971H;V1O



M97

3!P=#LG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%N86QY


M)B
X



M=&EM97


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z




@86YD
M(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!T;R!!
M4T

M(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

3`E/E%U;W1E

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


B4^)B

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO

M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C

24^)B

T1N;W=R
M87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XR
#$R.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


24^)B

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

24^)B

T1N
M;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^3V)S97)V86)L93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

3`E/D%S

T1C96YT97(@;F]W

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

24^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^26YP=71S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


24^)B


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1C96YT97(@

B4^)B


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3`E/BA

24^)B
Q-C`[

M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


M/3-$
3`E/E1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P
M.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S(L
S0U+#8P
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`S+#DY.PY-38-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT


#`P

M
S8L
S0T+#4U.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT


M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P



M(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y4;W1A;!F:6YA;F-I86P@;&EA8FEL
M:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

T0Q

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^070@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

24^)B
Q

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^4VEG;FEF:6-A;G0\+W1D/@T*(`@

M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

24^)B

T1N
M;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0^,C`Q,3H\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

3`E/D%C
M=&EV92!-87)K971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@


T1N;W=R
M87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9'1H/3-$




T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

24^)B
Q

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9VX]

B4^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XH3&5V96P@
2D\


M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XH3&5V96P@
RD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^0V%S:#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-RPS-3,L
M-#DT#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@)B

#L-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3
L
#$W
M+#
W
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M
#`P

3`E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$<FEG:'0@8F=C;VQO<CTS1-E-F5F

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
3
L
#$W+#
W


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@

M
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`S,PS-S`L.#8U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M

24^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

#`P
M



M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

Q-C`[

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

Q
M-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


]




T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\





3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^
M0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD(&-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

@86YD(&]T:&5R('-O=7)C97
@87)E(')E8V]R
M9&5D('=H96X@:70@:7


M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\




M93H@

Q-C`[

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C




@=&\@



M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C


X

M96YS:79E($EN8V]M928C.#(R
3LN($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(&ES


F(S@R







M


]



M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7-I



M
4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P

T0G



M(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\



@
S4P*2`F(S@R

M969I;FET92U



M86YA;'ES:7
@:7

M;VYC;'5D97
@;W1H97)W:7-E+!I=!W;W5L9!B92!R97%U:7)E9!T;R!D





@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N#0H@

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




3L@*8C.#(R,#M!4U4@,C`Q,BTP-8C.#(R
3LI+CPO
M:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(%1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&-O=F5R(&$@=VED92!R
M86YG92!O9B!T;W!I8W
@:6X@=&AE($9!4T(@05-#+B!4:&4@86UE;F1M96YT








3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q

@:6X@







@:6YT;R!T:&4@1D%3
M0B!!4T









3!P=#LG
M/D=U:61A;F-E(&-L87)I9FEC871I;VX@86YD(')E9F5R96YC92!C;W)R96-T



T0G



L


M('=I=&AI;B!T:&4@1D%30B!!4T
N/]P/@T*(`@(`@/]L:3X-B`@(`\
M+W5L/@T*(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@

T0Q
M


@;F5W


@:7-S=64L
M('1H92!G=6ED86YC92!I;B!!4U4@
C`Q

M;'5E(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN($9!4T(@05-#(#@R







M93H@


M97

@0V]M
M8FEN871I;VYS)B
X

@86YD($QI86)I









M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#LG/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#




M.B`Q

#$S+3`Q+`T*(`@(`@/&D^
M)B
X


#M!4U4@
C`Q
RTP
28C.#(R
3LI+CPO:3X-B`@(`@(%1H92!5

M97
@86YD(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S(&%R92!N;W0@:6X@=&AE('-C;W!E(&]F($%C

C`Q
2TQ
2P@0F%L86YC

M;65N='

M960@:6X-B`@(`@(#QI/D9!4T(@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
@0V]D
M:69I8V%T:6]N)B







M;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R







@96YT:71I97
L('1H
M92!A;65N9&UE;G1S('1H870@87)E('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@=&AE('1R86YS:71I
M;VX@9W5I9&%N8V4@:7


34L(#(P
3(N($UA;F%G96UE;G0@




M.6)E


]
M




M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


T0P(&-E

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F



M:#TS1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

3


M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/D%T=')I8G5T

T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^:6YC;W)P;W)A=&EO;CPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T


T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY3:&%N9&]N9R!
;W)A
M:6X@0V\N+!,=&0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@

M

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#@P+C(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M
3(L.#
W+#
Y-PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A

;W)A:6X@
M0V\N+!,=&0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@;F]W

\

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P,`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


3`E
M/B8C


T1C96YT97(@8F=C


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P,`T*(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

T0C939E9F9F

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
#`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R+#0S-RPV-S`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^4%)#/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-3@L-S`R#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-#DL
S@V+#(Q.0T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P






!S='EL93TS1=B


M86XL=&EM97

4^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9CY=6EL9&EN9W
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^


M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

T1N;W=R87`@=VED
M=&@]



T0Q-24^)B

34E/@T*


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

M(`@(`\8CY487AA8FQE($EN8V]M93PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/E)A=&4\
M+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

3
E

M(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3Y=70@3F]T($]V97(\+W4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

3

M1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$U)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#4P+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W

M1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,C4E#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#4P
M+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W-2PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T

#`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


S0E#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,#`L,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#
Y)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`Q,#`L,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3

M=&@]
T0Q
R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,3`P+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#
T)0T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S,S4L,#`P
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P+#`P
M,PP

T0Q

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#
U)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,PP
#`L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$U+#`P

T0Q

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#
X)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-2PP,#`L,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$X+#,S,RPS,S,-B`@(`@(`@

34L
#`P+#`P

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#,U)0T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q.PS,S,L,S,S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3






T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R

3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

Q+S(P
3(\+VD^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

38E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QU/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^,3(O,S$O,C`Q,3PO:3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

3`E
M/B8C


#$Q#0H@(`@(`@

T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@


P
S0-B`@(`@(`@/]T




M;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97


M

3`E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^070@1&5C96UB97(@
M,S$L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1C96YT

3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1C96YT

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XR,#$R.CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M/B8C

M=&0@86QI9VX]

3`E
M/D]T:&5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO=W)A

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V


M1#(E/B8C


M
3`E/B8C

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$



M=&0@86QI9VX]

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO=W)A

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


T1N;W=R
M87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

38P.SPO

M



M

24^)B


M

B4^)B



T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M86QI9VX]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XH3&5V
M96P@

M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M86QI9VX]

B4^)B
Q



M9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XH3&5V96P@
M

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M)3XF(S$V

Z/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B8C

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T0Q
4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

M0V%S:#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`S
BPS-#4L-C`S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P
M.PT*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q
M-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S
M
BPS-#4L-C`S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=#Y4;W1A;!F:6YA;F-I86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S-BPS-#0L-34Y#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S-BPS-#0L-34Y#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C

M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

3`E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^1FEN86YC:6%L(&QI
M86)I;&ET:65S.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/]T

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y4;W1A;!F:6YA;F-I
M86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97

P
#`P
M
#`@

3`E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

P
#`P
M
#`@

3`E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

P
#`P
M
#`@

3`E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

P
#`P
M
#`@

3`E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

]
T1T97AT
M/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M.B`Q



T0Q
#`E

M070@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q




3`E/E-I9VYI9FEC86YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=#XR
#$Q.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@




T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

38P.SPO=&0^

T1C

3`E/E-I9VYI9FEC86YT



T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V


M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1N;W=R87`@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
4^3V)S97)V86)L93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


38P

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


3`E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1C

B4^)B

T1C96YT

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XH3&5V96P@
BD\+W1D/@T*

M
#`P

T0Q)3XF(S$V

T1C96YT

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T1C96YT97(@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3Y4;W1A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^0V%S:#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-RPS-3,L-#DT#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`Q-RPS-3,L-#DT#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY297-T



M(#$S+#`Q-RPS-S$-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M


M-S$-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V


\


P
#`P
#`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#,P+#,W
M,PX-C4-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@
M(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@
M(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#,P+#,W,PX-C4-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

3`E/B8C
38P.SPO

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C

M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=#Y&:6YA;F-I86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
Z/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;CTS1&QE9G0^5&]T86P@9FEN86YC:6%L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@

M1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y
C1F
M
#1A




M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

@4D5#14E604)


M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q



]

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M

@;F5W(')O

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@


M(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
3PO=3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#0Q+#@T.2PU-S,-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H-#0S+#@Y.`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
!S;VQI
M9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V


P@,P@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('-T
!S;VQI9!R9V(H
P@,P@
D[
M)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-#@L-S
T
M+#`Q-PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X
M('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
!S;VQI
M9!R9V(H
P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`T,2PT-CDL.#@P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T/D%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@8F%D(&1E8G0Z/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M=&0@86QI9VX]

24^
M)B


B4^*3PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H
S
U+#DP
@T*

M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^061D:71I;VYS('1O(&%L;&]W86YC
M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(@V-PR,#4-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(@T
RPW.3$-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/D)A
M9!D96)T('=R:71T96XM;V9F/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]


P@,P@
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G
M8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(@T-#,L.#DX#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H

PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@











3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

]



3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R


T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

#L\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


24^)B

M(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3$\+W4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E

@


MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$
B4^)B


M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#,R-BPR-S`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R

M96YT.B`M



3!P=#LG
M/D]T:&5R(&YO;BUR96QA=&5D(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@


M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S
3DL-C
Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Y.2PR-C,-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-

35P=#L@

M86XL=&EM97


!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
M
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
!S;VQI9!R9V(H
P@
M,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`T+#(X,PR

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]


P@,P@
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`T+#@X

B4^)B
Q-C`[


T0U)3XF(S$V




#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
!S;VQI9!R9V(H
P@
M,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-PX-C$L,C@P#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


24^

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M=&0@86QI9VX]

24^
M)B


M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`X.38-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@-S@L-S$R#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/EEO=2P@
M2'5A9&]N9SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#

`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

Q-C`[

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S



3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O
M;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O
M;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#0U
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P
M*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Y.2PR-C,-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
!S;VQI9!R9V(H
M
P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
C$S+#$R.`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R


M

O4VAE970S
2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@





M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C

3(O
S$O
C`Q
CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

T1N
M;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q,3PO
M=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$X


M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q.2PS-S$L.#(U#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(S+#@W.PX
M
3`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#
X+#`W
BPW
#0-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#
T+#

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y8F4P8C1A#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDR-&8P-&$R7S0W-S!?-&(Y-%\Y
M9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E

S(N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M=&0@86QI9VX]

24^
M)B

T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[0G5I;&1I;F=S
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

PQ-S(-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@

B4^
M)B


T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

38P.R`F(S$V
#M

M('1R964\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`W+#DT,RPV,#4-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
2PS-S0L-C
U#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P+#DW-BPU-C0-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

38P.R`F(S$V
M


M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`V,3@L-34X#0H@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#@S.2PX-S0-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
!S
M;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('-T
!S;VQI9!R9V(H
P@,P@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Y.2PR-3$L
M-3DR#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$-24^)B

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V
M,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(@U+#DQ,2PY-S$-B`@(`@(`@

B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG

M

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@*#$L
M




M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(@U+#@T
BPY-#8-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C


M9'1H/3-$

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V
M
#L@)B
Q-C`[3V9F:6-E(&5Q=6EP;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(@R,C$L.#`P#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H,SDQ+#(W,@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

38P.R`F(S$V
#M-

T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`Q

M/3-$


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS



Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O
M;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#@T+#8S.2PW
C8-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
M
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y
C1F
#1A

T93EB93!B









#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\






T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3(\
M+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$
B4^)B


M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU
M/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3$\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B


T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M(`\:3YA=!C;W-T/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`V+#$Y
BPS-SD-B`@(`@(`@(`\

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#8L
3
T+#@T-0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(%5T

L#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3YA=!C;W-T/]I/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#0Y+#,V.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q



M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#4W+#(S
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@

P@,D[
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#0Y-PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G
M8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#8L,S`P+#DS.0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`V+#(T,BPU,S`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(@Q+#`P-PR-S$-B`@(`@(`@(`\


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL

M/3-$

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P
M+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#4L
CDV+#8V.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U+#0R-2PR-3(-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B



%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y8F4P8C1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDR-&8P-&$R7S0W-S!?-&(Y-%\Y9CAA7S5A
M8S1E.6)E





^+RH@1&\@


$4V

M3E


]

]
T1T97AT
M/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M.B`Q



T0Q
#`E

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q
M+S(P
3(\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
B\S
2\R
M
#$Q/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

;V%N


T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B

M)B

M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN=&5R97-T


M=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
X
C(V.R!);G1E


M
B\Q.2\R

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@.30T+#4T
`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

L
S
W+#
W-`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`V+C8V-B4@

2\U+S(P
3(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

24^)B
Q

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`Q+#`X-BPR,C$-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M86QI9VX]

M1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M


38-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A


M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B

M

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
X


2\Q
\R
M,#$R#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E/B8C

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P

M

M(&%N9!#;VUM97)C:6%L($)A;FL@;V8\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^0VAI
M;F$L/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^
M)B

T1T;W`^#0H@

3(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#`R
RPR-3$-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M:#TS1#4E/B8C


T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C

M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@
M(`@(`V+C0Q

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`V,CDL-CDS#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(#8N-#$P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#4O
3`O
C`Q
@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M

M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN=&5R97-T
M(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`V+C0Q

M=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#4W-PR
S
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO



M

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[)B

M;3L@9'5E(#0O
3`O
C`Q
PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`Q+#$T,BPV-3@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.R8C,38P.R`F
M(S@R,C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`U+C@X)2!P97(@
M86YN=6T[(&1U92`T+S$Y+S(P,3,-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@.3DY+#@R-0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M
24^)B



M86QI9VX]

#$S#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3Y!/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`V
S0L.#$P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@
M(`@(`@(`U+C@X)2!P97(@86YN=6T[(&1U92`U+S$W+S(P
3
-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI/DQO86X@9G)O;2!,:6YY:2!#;VUM
M97)C:6%L($)A;FLL/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M/3-$
3`E/B8C

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
X

3(N
C`Q)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$O
3`O
C`Q
@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


#4-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@(`@(`@,3$N,34R)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$R+S$Q+S(P,3(-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S+#$T.PT-C8-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS

3$V#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@
M(`@(`Q
BXQ

2\Q
\R,#$S#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W,30L,38Q#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@


24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`R+#,X,PU

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R+#
V
2PS-#D-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C

3`E
M/B8C

B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
X


B\R
#$R#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M.30T+#4T
`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S@R

R\S+S(P
3
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$
24^)B


M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


O
C`Q
PT*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,S$W+#0P-0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V


M(&%T#0H@(`@(`@(`@.XT)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#DO
R\R
#$S#0H@

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#$Q,PY

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P

M

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M


M#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`V,CDL-CDS#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#(V.2PV
C`-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN


M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R
S8L
3
U#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C.#(R



M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

24^)B

M-RPQ
38-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
X

M-BXT

3(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`R+#,V,2PS-#D-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
X


P+S(P
3
-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3$P+#DQ-PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/]T

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

M
C`Q
PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-SDS+#4Q,@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO


R\R

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`V,S0L.#$P
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`Y
M+C
V

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@.34R+#(Q-0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B8C

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R`F(S@R

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

#0V+#4P
M
PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V


T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y7

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



C`Q
PT*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,RPQ-S0L,#0Y#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QI/D)A;FL@;V8@3FEN9V)O(P\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S@R,C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@

#(T#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@


C`Q
PT*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-SDS+#4Q,@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



3
-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T0Q
4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P


M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

PT*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S@R


T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C

M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@
M(`@(`Q

M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3`E/D,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@,RPQ-S0L,#0Y#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

#$S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

M9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T0Q

T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`Q+#4X-RPP,C0-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M


M#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

L
30X+#0V-PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V

M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN=&5R97-T
M(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`V+C8P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$Q+S(V
M+S(P
3
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-C
T+#@Q
M
`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

24^)B

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[
M)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q
M-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

P@,D[
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
W!X
M(&1O=6)L92!R9V(H
P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,C@L-S(U+#$T,PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
W!X(&1O=6)L92!R9V(H
P@,P@
M
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@

P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
S8L
#$X+#0U
`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C


%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?

O4VAE970S-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L







4^#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M
3(O
S$O
C`Q
CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T1C

24^)B

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/E9A;'5E(&%D9&5D('1A

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M.PX.#D-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@,RPS-S`L-C4U#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@
BPX
C(L
S(Q#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]


M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-PY,S8-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`V+#$P-0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M-24^)B


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O



3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#$L-#0P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@.2PS-CD-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M86QI9VX]

@=&%X('!A

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`Q-30L
3$R#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#8U
M+#4R-0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


T0C
!S;VQI9!R9V(H
M
P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@.3$V+#`Q-0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R



P@,P@

M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


P@,P@




'0O:'1M



M97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q


]
M
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M
T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@


M
3(O
S$O
C`Q
3PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S+#$W-`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y!8V-R=65D('5T:6QI='D@97AP96YS
M97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`U-2PV,SD-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

Q-C`[

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R
3DL-C
P#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#
P
RPW
#$-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(Y
PR,C@-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#$P
RPX


T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@.34L

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY$:7-B=7)S

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#@W+#`W.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T0U)3XF(S$V

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


P@,P@
!S;VQI9!R
M9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`S-RPX-#
-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


P@,P@


!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

P@,D[)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#DS

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T

M7SDR-&8P-&$R7S0W-S!?-&(Y-%\Y9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E
&(T80T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)



M8RX@
S$L(#(P


@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M

T1L
M969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q,CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3$\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]I
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI/DQO86YS(&9R;VT@3'5O=&EA;B!!9W)I8W5L

M:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/B8C

T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[)B


M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8F=C

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^3&]A;G
@9G)O;2!#:&EN82!$979E
M;&]P;65N=!86YK/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@)B
X

M
3
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q
M-C`[)B



3$O
C`O
C`Q
PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^3&]A
M;G

M=6YD/]I/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M;'5N9W-G97-E;&QS8VAA9G0@;6)((@F(S@R,C`[1$5')B,X,C(Q.RD\+VD^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M,38P.R8C,38P.R`F(S@R,C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@

3
-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M,2PX-S4L,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@)B
X
M


M;FYU;2!D=64@.2\Q-2\R
#$S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,2PX-S4L,#`P#0H@(`@

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P
M*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED
M(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\

C(V+#$P-PT*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#4W+#`V-@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V

M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3(\
M+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO=W)A

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$Q/]U
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

T0Q
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M/B8C


M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,34L-3DW+#@S,0T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

@9G)O
M;2!#:&EN82!$979E;&]P;65N=!86YK/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO



24^)B
Q

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`T+#(X-PY-C8-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
!S
M;VQI9!R9V(H
P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M1#4E/B8C

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

M('=I9'1H/3-$
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,30L,S@R+#,P-@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


]

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L
M92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T

M97

T0Q

T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q



38P

B\S
2\R
#$Q/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@(`@

M9R!$979E;&]P;65N=!86YK/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T0Q
M
B4^)B

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@)B
X

M
34-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S

M


T0Q

M9VX]


T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=#XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
!S
M;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

3(L-CDV+#$Y-@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X
M('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C



O4VAE









#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0Q
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0G8F]R

T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M:61T:#TS1#$S)3Y087(@=F%L=64@875T:&]R:7IE9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



3

M9&EN9SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

T1R:6=H=!W:61T
M:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R,#`L,#`P+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S

@

@9'5R:6YG(#(P
#D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V

T0Q
R4^#0H@


3
E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E
M/C$P+S(X+S(P,#D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`U+#`Q,2PQ-CD-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/DYE=R!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D('1O('-E

3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XR+S$P+S(P
3`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`R+#`P


T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XY
M+S$P+S(P,3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T
M:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S+#0T,PX
#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@

#`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XY+S(T+S(P,3`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@


M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R-2PP,#`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/DYE=R!S:&%R97
@:7-S

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)3XW+S(P+S(P
3$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R-RPP.3(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

S8L



M;V-K(&EN8V5N=&EV92!P;&%N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0Q
R4^
3`O-2\R

T0Q

M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T(#$R+S
Q+S(P
3(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`S-PV,38L-S$T#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

-

!S;VQI9!R9V(H
M,P@

M

P@,D[)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#`S-RPX

M86=E;G0@:6X@
C`P-R!025!%/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0Q
R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-#@Y+#,S,`T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)3XU+S
O
C`P-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3,E/C4O,B\R,#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

M
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#,S-PU-S


M:'0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^-R\R-R\R
#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L


RPY
#D-B`@(`@(`@/]T

M/3-$
3
E/C0O
C@O
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

T0Q
M
R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-3`Q+#$Q-0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XQ
\R.\R

T0Q
R4^
3`O
M
C@O
C`Q
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS




3
E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#(P+#(X.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XQ+S4O
C`Q
#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/C$O,B\R,#$T
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

M;W9I9&5R($
@9'5R:6YG(#(P
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q

T0Q
M
R4^
2\U+S(P
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)3XQ+S(O
C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

3DW+#DT
M
`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R






3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P


M97



!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


M97


Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/D-A=&5G;W)Y/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M1#(E/B8C


M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
M,B\S,2\R,#$Q/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M/D-H97-T;G5T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
3$P+#(V
RPY-S
-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=#Y#;VYV96YI96YC92!F;V]D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@-S(L.#@W+#4X,`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
M
P@,D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
S0L.3DV+#@P.0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
!S;VQI9!R
M9V(H
P@,P@
D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#,P+#`W
M,PU-3
-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`Q

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V


M
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL

3
L
C(R+#$P-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@



T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q



M9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3$\+W4^#0H@(`@



T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@

T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y96QG:75M/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#8L,#0Y+#@R-0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO


M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
34W+#`V-PY-S8-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9CY$96YM87)K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4S+#DR
@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@,BPS
M-#0L.#(T#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#(L-S(Q+#0S-0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M
C`X+#@W
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
C`L.3DY#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0^27-R865L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(W-RPP,C@-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-#8Q+#0R-PT*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#(L,C(Q+#DY,`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4X-BPS


M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#
X
BPT.#`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY0;VQA;F0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
M-S4L-#$P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^4&]R='5G86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@-S$Q+#`P-@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#0W
M
2PU-3D-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`Q+#(Y
PX,#(-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C



M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#$L
3
T+#`R
0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`W-#(L-C8Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#$L,S4S+#4V-PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/E1H86EL86YD/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#$W-RPU,CD-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/E5N
M:71E9!+:6YG9&]M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L-3$S+#8S-`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0Q

M-#@-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY5;FET960@4W1A=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@-#DT+#8W-@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]


P@,P@

M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/E1O=&%L/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

T0Q)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,C,Y+#8W,RPT-C,-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`\8CXD/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED
M(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(Q
RPR
C(L
3`V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y8F4P8C1A#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDR-&8P-&$R7S0W-S!?-&(Y-%\Y
M9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E




^


M1$E$
$5



M8RX@
S$L(#(P



@6U1A8FQE(%1E

M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

3(O
S$O
C`Q
3PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


M(`@(`@(#
P+#(X
RPX
C0-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@

0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@*#@P,BPT,3(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@*#DV-BPX-C@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M=&%X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
CDL
M-#@Q+#0Q
@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

24^)B
Q

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#(W+#DP
RPQ-S
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

M
C4E(%)A=&4-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q

M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M/D5F9F5C=!O9B!T87@@97AE;7!T:6]N(&=R86YT960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
!S
M;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

3(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/DEN8V]M92!T87@\+W1D/@T*
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P
M*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W

-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P
M*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`V
M+#@R-PR,#$-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$



]



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1N;W=R87`@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R
M+S
Q+S(P
3$\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/D5F9F5C=!O9B!T87@@
M97AE;7!T:6]N(&=R86YT960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@)B

M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V


S
L.#$W#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\


24^)#PO=&0^#0H@


3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@9&EF9F5R96YC92!B971W965N('1H92!5
M+E



M

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
C`Q
CPO=3X-B`@(`@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#,U)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#
U
M)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T/DQO=V5R(')A=&5S(&EN(%!20RP@;F5T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(TQ
M,4-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M,3`E#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V



!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
!S
M;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
M+C(U)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



T1R

M+`P+`P*3LG('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#(V+C(U)0T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL

P@,D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R-XT,R4-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^/'-P



@6U1A

M=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^
M)B


M(`\=3Y#:&EN82!);F-O;64@5&%X(%)A=&4\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XR
#$Q/]U/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R



M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`P
M)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#`E#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^
M2G5N86X@2&]N9W)A;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R-24-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R-24-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C



M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R
M-24-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-24-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\

M
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R-24-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-24-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

;W)A:6X\+W1D

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@,C4E#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B


M

T0R)3XF(S$V


M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,C4E#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V

C4E#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T1T;W`^#0H@

M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T


M9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E






]

T1)1#!%-D
^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B




M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1N;W=R87`@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1N;W=R87`@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^96YD960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C



B4^)B



3(E/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M1#$R)3XR

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$
24^)B

M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^)B

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@
M3F5T($EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(P+#0R
BPV-C@-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
!S;VQI9!R
M9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@26YC
M;VUE($%V86EL86)L92!T;R!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S/]T9#X-B`@
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@


M('=I9'1H/3-$

M+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#(P+#0R,BPV-C@-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]


3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
3DL.#@W+#0Y.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

3(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#Y)

@;VX@0V]N

P@
M,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED
M(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\


P@,P@



T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@



24^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/BU)


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED
M(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


P@,P@
!S;VQI9!R
M9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@

Q-C`[

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
!S;VQI9!R
M9V(H
P@,P@
!S;VQI9!R
M9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`S-PU,S,L.#$W#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CY$:6QU=&EV92!3:&%R97,Z/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO

\+VD^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(X



M/3-$
B4^)B
!S;VQI9!R9V(H,P@
P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]


P@,P@
D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S-PW
C8L-#DT#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO



M/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\


M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#`N-3D-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B




M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
XU-PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M
B4^)B


T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\


3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@
S0L-3
S+#@Q-PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C


M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S-PW
C8L-#DT#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M


M-S!?-&(Y-%\Y9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E







]


M86)L97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#




!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


M97

4^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QU/E!R:6-E(%)A;F=E/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)#`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`M(0T+CDY#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

#`-B`@(`@(`@(`M
M(0Y+CDY#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$-3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#`-B`@(`@(`@(!S:&%R97,-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(0Q,XP
`T*(`@(`@(`@(T@)#$T+CDY#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
M-3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#`-B`@(`@(`@(!S:&%R97




L(%9A


T0G8F]R9&5R

M(')G8B@R-34L(#(U-2P@
C4U*3LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M*#(U-2P@


C4U+`R-34I.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`\=3XR,#$R/]U/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


C4U*3LG/B8C
38P



M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
M

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#$N
S8R.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`Q+C$Y,#D-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


M(`@(`@
XS,R4-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`P+CDV
M)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#4Y+CDS)0T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^17AP96-T
M960@;&EF92!I;B!M;VYT:'
Z/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#,V+C`P#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

S8N
#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO





M:&5E='
O4VAE970T
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^




]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M




M=VED=&@]
T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/D9R;VT\+W4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(#QU/E1O/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3Y
96%S
M92!P87EM96YT/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/C$O
2\R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B



T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XQ+S$O,C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Y
BPV.#4-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXQ+S$O
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M
3(O
S$O
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Y
BPV.#4-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XQ+S$O
C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`Y,BPV.#4-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXQ+S$O,C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M,3(O,S$O,C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@



T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XQ+S$O,C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^.\Y+S(P
3@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
7!X('-O;&ED
M(')G8B@P+`P+`P*3LG('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(`@(`@(`U-BPV-#$-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M
W!X(&1O=6)L92!R9V(H
P@,P@
D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#4Q-PY


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^1G)O;3PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^5&\\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B


T0U)3XF(S$V
M


T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M9F8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#@T+#(U.0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/C$O
2\R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#@W+#4S-@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F/C$O
2\R
#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F(&YO

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#DR+#8X-0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/C$O
2\R
#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#DR+#8X-0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F/C$O
2\R
#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F(&YO

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#DR+#8X-0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/C$O
2\R
#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#DR+#8X-0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%
M1D9&/C$O
2\R
#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&(&YO

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B`Q

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%
!S;VQI9!R9V(H
P@
M,P@
D[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4V+#8T,0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

3(E/@T*


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y
M
C1F
#1A

T93EB93!B-&$O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


M(%!R:6YC:7!A;!!8W1I=FET:65S(#$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C$P


@3V8@4')E




]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+C@P)3QS

]



#`N



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPQ
#`L



]
T1N=6UP/C4P+C`P)3QS

]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]




M:7IA=&EO;BP@0F%S:7

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;BP@0F%S:7



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S@S+#0X



]

M


T1T;W`^3W)G



M=&EO;BP@06YD(%!R:6YC:7!A;!!8W1I=FET:65S(#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@






]


MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y8F4P8C1A
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDR-&8P-&$R7S0W-S!?
M-&(Y-%\Y9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E












]



]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P



M



XP,4\




]
T1R





C8T+#0R



]



3`N




]
M
T1N=6UP/C$N



@


M9VX]






]
T1N=6UP/C4P+C`P)3QS






M=&EV92D@*$1E=&%I;'


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y
C1F
#1A
E\T





M:78]

]
M


M4D%$12!!0T-/54Y44R!214-%259!0DQ%(A.87)R871I=F4I(A$971A:6QS


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

]


T1T;W`^5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='




]


M
T1T;W`^5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='





%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y8F4P


M;G0]




#$R/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q






#`L


#`L




BPP
CDL








]
T1R

]
T1T97AT

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97
@
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]
M

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y8F4P8C1A#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDR-&8P-&$R7S0W-S!?-&(Y-%\Y
M9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E




^


M1$E$

]





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y8F4P

O4VAE970U

M;G0]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

M92D@*$1E=&%I;'



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PX-S4L






BPP
#`L









M-&8P-&$R7S0W-S!?-&(Y-%\Y9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E





]

T1)1#!%
M


3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q


]



]

2PP
M



S






3`L-S4R/'-P

M87!I=&%L:7IA=&EO;B`V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M







]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#$Q

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@,3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S
T+#4W



]

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4P
2PQ
M







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


T1T;W`^0V%P
M:71A;&EZ871I;VX@




]




M-C$L



BPV
S8L

M:7IA=&EO;B`R


M
T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@
C


%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y
M8F4P8C1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDR-&8P-&$R
M7S0W-S!?-&(Y-%\Y9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\


]



T1T;W`^3F]N




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y
C1F
#1A
E\T





M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(U+C`P)3QS

]

]
T1N=6UP



]
T1T



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(L-3`P+#`P

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38V+#


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S
T+#4W



]

]
T1N=6UP/C
S+C


]


]



]
T1R


]





M1&YU;7`^-3`S+#0Y

]
T1P




M-S!?-&(Y-%\Y9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E







]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P



M;65N='
@

M


M
C1F
#1A


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M15E/04

M;'-P86X]


M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

]



@
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

BPX



@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&AE($-O





]

3`P


@


]
M




@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&AE




]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L-#
W+#8W


]

M(%!O;&EC:65S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T:6YG(%-U8G-I






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#DL






]

@
M*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

]

]


@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@



M97
@

]
T1R


]



@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@17-T:6UA=&5D(%5S969U


%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y


M;G1E;G0]



3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


]





]

\+W1D/@T*





]
T1P











]




]





]
T1R






M


M97

SPO



3`P+#`P



]

M92!);F-O;64@5&%X(%)A=&4@


]

#`L
M


M97




S
U+#`P



]

M92!);F-O;64@5&%X(%)A=&4@






S4N
#`E/'-P86X^


@4V-H961U





]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P

]




S@N
M


M97



T1T;W`^4W5M


]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#
S
RPS
S







M1&YU;7`^
S4N




M4F%T92`S


M

]






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y
C1F
#1A
E\T





M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1R93X-


]
T1N=6UP/C8N
S`Q



]

M8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($%V97)A9V4@17AC:&%N
M9V4@4F%T97
@



]


]






]

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T
M(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@*$1E=&%I;'




@06YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S($%T($9A:7(@5F%L=64@
3PO=&0^

BPS-#4L-C`S/'-P86X^



@4V-H961U

@070@1F%I




@4V-H

@070@




@

@







M3&EA8FEL:71I97


]


]







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C



T1T;W`^4W5M

@06YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S($%T($9A

]
M

]



]








M;F0@3&EA8FEL:71I97

CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]


]


]








@4V-H961U;&4@



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C`\







M97

M97

]
M

]



]








M;F0@3&EA8FEL:71I97





@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1FEN86YC




@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1FEN





@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@




L-#DT


@

@



RPP





M3&EA8FEL:71I97






M;F0@3&EA8FEL:71I97








RPP




@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1FEN







M

]


]
T1T


]

:6%B:6QI









M=!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9I;F%N8VEA;!!

@06YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S($%T($9A:7(@5F%L=64@
30\+W1D/@T*

]






@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1FEN







@06YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S($%T($9A:7(@5F%L
M=64@

]








@4V-H

@070@


T1T

@06YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S
M($%T($9A:7(@5F%L=64@

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



]
T1T



S$L(#(P
M

M($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5')A9&4@06-C;W5N
M='
@4F5C96EV86)L92`Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



M961U;&4@3V8@5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L92`R/]T9#X-B`@



M8V5I=F%B;&4@

M/3-$=&]P/E1R861E($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@
M5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L92`T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]

]

]
M






M;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C
M96EV86)L92`X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
S4L

]


]


M;&4@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L92`Q
#PO


T1T;W`^5')A9&4@
M06-C;W5N='




M861E($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@


]

]

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y8F4P8C1A#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDR-&8P-&$R7S0W-S!?-&(Y-%\Y
M9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E




^


M1$E$





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#







]



]

S(V+#(W



]




]





3DL-C







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C0L
C@P+#(Q



]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L.#@P+#$R


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L.#8Q+#(X


]

]



C1F
#1A
M


M;G1E;G0]

04
^



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


3PO=&0^

C


M8V5I=F%B;&5S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%)E;&%T960@4&%R='D@4F5C96EV86)L

S
L



M8V5I=F%B;&4@


T1T;W`^
M3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97

]
T1N=6UP/C@Y

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97,@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4F5L871E9!087)T


]



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]T:&5R(%)E8V5I=F%B;&5S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%)E;&%T
M960@4&%R='D@4F5C96EV86)L92`W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M(%)E;&%T960@4&%R='D@4F5C96EV86)L92`X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97
@4V-H961U;&4@


]




3(\+W1D

M
%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y8F4P8C1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDR-&8P-&$R7S0W-S!?-&(Y-%\Y9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E
&(T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@





]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#0W

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#
W
2PX






]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S0L
S0X



]

M;'-P86X]


M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$







]


]



]




2PS-S0L-C
U/'-P86X^














]


]
T1N=6UP
M/CDY+#(U












]




M


]








]


]
M



M

]
M




]

]
T1N=6T^*#$Q
M+#`W









%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C
M-&4Y8F4P8C1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDR-&8P
M-&$R7S0W-S!?-&(Y-%\Y9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5/3T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@





]
T1T



T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-BPQ.3(L
M


86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='

M


86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='

M-#DL


86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='



86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='



86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='


C


86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='

M




]



M9VX]



]

M1&YU;3XH
2PP
#0L

]
M

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X




]







M9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E






]



@
M*$1E=&%I;'



]

@


]

@
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@





]
T1R93X-

M;G







]
T1N=6UP



]



@4V-H





]



CPO




T1T

M;7`^

]










]



;V%N

]
T1N=6UP/C
L


]

;V%N

]
M

M;FL@3&]A;G
@


]

M($)A;FL@3&]A;G
@

M86QI9VX]






]



M8VAE9'5L92!/9B!3:&]R=UT97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G,@,C0\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C4U


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

@
C4\



M97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G






M86QI9VX]



]
T1P



#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M;G





]

;V%N






M9VX]


2PP





W/]T9#X-B`@


]









M


]
T1P



CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]

@-#0\+W1D/@T*




M0F%N:R!

]




]
T1N=6UP/C4N.#@E/'-P



M+#

]



]






]



3PO=&0^#0H@


3$N
34E/'-P86X^







]







]





3(N





#@L





]




M8VAE9'5L92!/9B!3:&]R=UT97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G,@-C,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]



;V%N

]



X

]
M

M;FL@3&]A;G


M9VX]




M92!/9B!3:&]R=UT97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G,@-C@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]




]


]

@-S`\+W1D



M($)A;FL@3&]A;G







M9VX]



]
M








]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]



T1T;W`^4VAO




]
T1N
M=6UP/C8R.2PV.3



M9B!3:&]R=UT97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G,@.#$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C8Y+#8R


]



CPO=&0^#0H@





M0F%N:R!

]




]
T1N=6UP/C(S-BPQ
S4\



]
T1N=6UP










]



#PO=&0^



BPS-C$L
S0Y/'-P86X^




]





@4V-H961U;&4@


@4V-H961U






]











]
T1N=6UP/C8S


]

@
3`P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]

@


SPO


]

E/'-P86X^




T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L
#0V+#4P


]






]







]
T1N=6UP/C
L


]





]

@
3$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

]
T1P



3


]

M:R!




]

RPU
M




@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4VAO




]

@
3$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@






M;FL@3&]A;G

]
T1R

M3&]A;G
@



M86YK($QO86YS(#$R

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@



]

@





]


]

M:R!



M9VX]


]






]



]



M

]
T1R93X-

M;G
@
3


]

M0F%N:R!



]

M97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G
@
3
U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]

@
3
V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]








M0F%N:R!



M97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G

C@L-S(U
M+#$T

]




%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y
M8F4P8C1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDR-&8P-&$R
M7S0W-S!?-&(Y-%\Y9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\





I(A54T0@)D\


]
T1R



]
T1N=6UP/C(U-2PS




]
M
T1N=6UP/C(L.#(R+#
R

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5&%X97
@4&%Y86)L97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&%X97
@4&%Y


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M5&%X97,@4&%Y86)L97,@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&%X97,@4&%Y86)L92`W/]T

]
T1R;SX-





M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5&%X97
@4&%Y86)L97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&%X97
@
M4&%Y86)L92`Q


M
T1T;W`^5&%X97
@4&%Y86)L97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&%X97
@4&%Y86)L
M92`Q


T1T;W`^
M5&%X97
@4&%Y86)L97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&%X97
@4&%Y86)L92`Q
SPO




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]



]



]

]
T1N=6UP/CDR
M


M;&4@


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#`U+#


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y
C1F
#1A

T93EB93!B



]





M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
CQB

]





@



@06YD($]T:&5R(%!A

M-C


]


]





M97


]

M97(@4&%Y86)L97


M9VX]


#DT/'-P


]
T1N=6UP/C$P
RPX



M96YS97
'!E;G-E<R!!;F0@3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L97,@,3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/CDU+#
W


]



M1&YU;7`^
3@R+#

]
T1P


M+#$P

]






M97
'!E
M;G-E<R!!;F0@3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L97,@,34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C
W+#@T



]






M($]F($%C8W)U960@17AP96YS97








]

T0Q


#$R/&)R/CPO



]

;VYG





]

]
M








T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E



]



T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP




2PX-S4L






]


3
\+W1D/@T*






T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0L

]
T1P







O
M4VAE970W
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

@;V8@;&]N
M9RUT97)M(&1E8G0@*$1E=&%I;'


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4N-3$E/'-P86X^

;VYG

M9B!


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#4Y-RPX






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]





]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34L-3DW+#@S







]



S$L(#(P
M







CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

BPV.38L




M87EA8FQE(#

]
M

M1&YU;7`^

]
M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\Y
C1F
#1A

T93EB93!B-&$O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



]

T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@4V-H
M961U;&4@3V8@0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@5&%B;&4@
M

#`L
#`P+#`P
M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@
M4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@5&%B;&4@,CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

C4L




]


M=&EO;B!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!#87!I=&%L:7IA=&EO;B!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO

M

F%T










]


]


]




S0L

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@0V%P:71A;&EZ
M871I;VX@4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@5&%B;&4@,30\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#



]

]
T1N=6UP/C0X.2PS


F%T:6]N(%)E8V]N
M8VEL:6%T:6]N(%1A8FQE(#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]

]




M9B!#87!I=&%L:7IA=&EO;B!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!486)L92`R
#PO=&0^



3`L
M


M;B!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!486)L92`R

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

M8S1E.6)E






]




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

M:&5D=6QE($]F(%-A;&5S($)Y($-A=&5G;W)I97

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(U+#$P
2PU



T1T;W`^4V%L97
@0GD@4')O9'5C


]



M;7`^

]
T1P

M($]F(%-A;&5S($)Y($-A=&5G;W)I97

]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#`W

]
T1R

M:65S($]F(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92`W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]

M:&5D=6QE($]F(%-A;&5S($)Y($-A=&5G;W)I97

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C$S+#(R
BPQ
M

M-&8P-&$R7S0W-S!?-&(Y-%\Y9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E





]

T1)1#!%


3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


]





S8S+#4P.#QS

]




M9VX]
T1T;W`^4V%L97

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(L-#8W+#
V

]
M



]





]
T1R;SX-


T1T
M;W`^4V%L97

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4S+#DR

]






3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




]


]








M9VX]
T1T;W`^4V%L97




]
T1N=6UP/C4V





T1T;W`^4V%L97







T1T;W`^4V%L
M97



]
T1N
M=6UP/C
W+#DT



CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^4V%L97


]
T1R;SX-

BPQ





]



]
M



3

C@\+W1D/@T*

]

C$S+#DT


]







]



]
T1P


S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V%L97,@0GD@4')O9'5C=!4


RPW






]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M
3
Y+#8W

]


Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





T1T;W`^4V%L97
@0GD@4')O9'5C





]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3
T+#`R
M

]





T1T;W`^4V%L97





]
T1N=6UP/C


M(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!2979E;G5E($)Y($=E;V=R87!H


]
T1N=6UP
M/C


]






]

C
Y+#8W
RPT-C


M($)Y(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!2979E;G5E($)Y($=E;V=R


3
L
M



]
T1T


M1#$^

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^



@0F5T=V5E;B!4:&4@4W1A


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S`L


]


@
CPO=&0^#0H@


T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(%1A





@0F5T=V5E;B!4:&4@4W1A


]


@




#
L


@




M9'5L92!/9B!4:&4@1&EF9F5R96YC97
@0F5T=V5E;B!4:&4@4W1A='5T;W)Y


]

W+#8T



]

M06YD($5F9F5C=&EV92!487@@17AP96YS97
@.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




]
M



M96YC97

]


M(#8L.#(T+#(P





]
M

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]

CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT







]


M

M8W0@3V8@5&%X($5X96UP=&EO;B`V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


&(T80T*



]

M:60]

7
@969F96-T

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M

S4N
#`E







]



]
T1N=6T^*#$P+C`P)2D\






N($9E9&5R86P@
M4W1A='5T;W)Y($EN8V]M92!487@@4F%T92!!;F0@5&AE($-O;7!A;GES($5F
M9F5C=&EV92!487@@4F%T92`V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


!2871E


T1T;W`^26YC








O
M4VAE970W.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS




]


M9VX]







M9'5L92!/9B!487@@4F%T97

@-#PO=&0^



]


]


M


]

M;7`^
C4N



@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&%X(%)A=&5S







M92!/9B!487@@4F%T97

@
3`\+W1D/@T*



C4N
#`E/'-P86X^

M;64@5&%X97



M


]

]
T1N


]





O4VAE970X
M






M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`L-#(R

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(P+#0R



T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%-C:&5D





]




T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@





T1T
M;W`^16%R;FEN9W




M9VX]
T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W




T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%-C:&5D

SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%-C:&5D=6QE


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($5A


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F

T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%-C:&5D


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E


@4&5R(%-H87)E(#(P/]T9#X-B`@





]



S


@4&5R(%-H87)E(#(T


S
L


@



%\T8CDT

O4VAE970X
2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]














]
M

L($%C=&EV:71Y(#0\+W1D


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M;VXL(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G


]

M($]P=&EO;G

]

L($%C










O
M4VAE970X
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


]



T1T;W`^4VAA




V
M



M;7`^








]











]













]



]


M9VX]

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E




96%S92!#;VUM:71M

M='
@1F]R($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97
@





M36EN:6UU;2!296YT86P@4&%Y;65N='
@1F]R($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97
@



96%S92!#;VUM:71M96YT

@
M1F]R($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97



@4V-H961U;&4@



M

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E($UI




M0V]M;6ET;65N='
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E($UI;FEM=6T@4F5N=&%L

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


@




@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@



T1T

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E($UI;FEM




M;6ET;65N='
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E($UI;FEM=6T@4F5N=&%L(%!A



@4V-H


MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

%\T8CDT7SEF.&%?-6%C-&4Y8F4P8C1A
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDR-&8P-&$R7S0W-S!?
M-&(Y-%\Y9CAA7S5A8S1E.6)E



T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


T0B4VAE970P
2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
P+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#,S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S@N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-BYH=&UL

M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970V
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8V
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970W
M
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S$N:'1M;(O/@T*

M968]
T0B4VAE970W
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T


T0B4VAE970W.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970X,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#,N:'1M;(O
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAverageExchangeRatesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnebcmpSixFivevlWZyK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnemWHPKHHtThreeFivegG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnerZtPThreeLTkQwSixH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneRPfQNNineHRQTworQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneRTwokThreepQcZeroWmcK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneCksVSixSixvTwoQNineHx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneTwosBxyJFTwoFOneOneEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneRgdkNinelzBrrrEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneZSFourOneEightrXNxFourlc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnezMLqFivebDslSixVc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneEightDNWwBTTwoQRtn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneXfZtgRWkDSyEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnehWCRFHQKVZcx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneHBXTGMbrThreeygs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroJCzzSixDhEightfbRV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerohgFivexdEightPCSixOnepw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerogZerocSevennsCNLbHp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerotSixFiveHDVFiveVhFxS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerofDSevenhtVSevenTwoGGWv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroxHvOnegOneBFRNinelThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroxkNzThzvHFivebL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroNineXKzZNineSTpnsD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroMGPFourShfThreeGRyOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroMmFiveThreefhhtFThreeTs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroCkVVTbWFFourBxTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerovTpQsSZerofTOneHZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroXmBqFourPmEighttdGT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroHrFiveCFlTtwHMFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerogwTLVXSixqdEightDP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroBHrFourwCVJZDFivez'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

                      <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

                      <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

                      <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

                      <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

          <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

          <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

                      <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                      <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

          <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

          <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroSFourPRDlRyyzEightP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroJNinetsEightCNEightNineHdv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroSHrKSRsMCNCh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroFivesrzBHfNineHNinewg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeronyFiveNineWmwNFourVcSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroZeroSRJNGqlNinegMThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroNqOneMvxgXwnTk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroDyrFCwZZQdSb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerohDNmvpFourZerosBFFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerolfgWlfsTVPyS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroNSFiveTbTwoPKLxTwow'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroBThreeRTrKfnrThreemNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroSCfBkJqSZeroFiveJs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroEightFiveLbMNNCkfSixs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroEightTwodFVZRsSevenmMM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_PerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

        <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncomeTaxesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroFourwggCTwoEightFiveGTTwoJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncomeTaxesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroTTQrPNineWEightKpNP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncomeTaxesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroPZeroLRmTpWpwJF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeromkPMZeronhqMZZeroJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroHQZSixqwLLGTQZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroHTSevenXDmEightqzDNinep'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroMNinelbBlBlyLThreez'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroFiveMTslPLRrSdf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvancesOnInventoryPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositsAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LandUseRightsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerDepositsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLoansFromBank'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesStatutoryCapitalAndSurplusBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneBThreeBSixSixkbZeroTSixJJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnexvSixZZerogTOneSixNineTwok'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneXxGThreefGFourPpKmM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnetfMFzpSixThreemyyT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneQrsFfNinexZeroNcmN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneCXHgMSevenlRTNpNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnesTlvlrMQlEightGH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneGmQDFiveLJWFournvR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneHVTBkSixRPTwoGzd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneThreeXOneFiveTxJtgNinerThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnetOneTwoxFourTGNineNinehCT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnelKmcyTOneSxNinePT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnenWFDwNXTxtCK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneFourWHGPThreexSevencCGSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_AppropriationsToStatutoryReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_AdjustmentToStatutoryReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_AppropriationsToStatutoryReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_AdjustmentToStatutoryReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAverageExchangeRatesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnemySixFiveZThreeFiveRTwovkL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAverageExchangeRatesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneNwwNQNqqdTwoGL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAverageExchangeRatesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneTREightvfqJrkynT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAverageExchangeRatesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneZeroQSixgNineSevenJkLJLW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeropsSixEightbgXbmJKSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerovZerolBsNsSvNFourK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroEightKkmBDSixKkHSevenTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerorzZTCnNineTlpZF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerogsThreesWcGSixPHrt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroxQXMLTdFourTFourZerog'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroOnecBDEightxKMNRlT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroNHFournSevenmTDXCFiveTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroqJFourmSevenTwoSFCxmM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroOneNTrBpPSixJfFiveQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerotLDROnehlpOneLEightc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroCSixlcNmEightTNRTz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroFwqFBFiveZerosZerodFiveL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroQdxJTwogzDXFmr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroGSghXssThreeJyBH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroDlpZeroGPmbGZvS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerowvKKHnyFourTBFourg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroEightTwogJQQmnEightQGW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerorMNinefdGBVTBBQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroRVsTRgSixTykEightN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroZeroRGFivetkglHOneBw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroTwoJRWbZerogXXsOneFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerohGWgQhcpNineKSevenK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroKKsmyshSixBCTNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroZWzFourfWOneNineNDSevenL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroqxhqLTVKTmFs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareholdersEquityAndShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

            <td style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

            <td style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

            <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroJFiveLNinemvFivetThreeypN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroBnBROneDvZFourBcSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroOnesfOnefKTVGVSevenh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroTwocThreeNineCczHwDCt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerosscWLmzWgxbz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroblFourTwoSixZeroGSzWhp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroqKThreeSRyZerotGPBg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroDqsEightXwPEightgtLQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroHWysRNineSThreeTwoZeroSevenf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroBmNineDkFZerotrzGT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeronTSixEightThreeCpOneEightHTZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerozTrQRTgTFourgNS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroTFourPZeroGFivengyVgX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroZZzThreeNineLNineqJHbSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroDnkGEightsQzJSSixB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroFivehvDLJJvfNinepEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerovJrgFourNineSixyJSixDTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroLTkMpqRlGZXy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroCOnewsFourkSevenTdLMNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerowyZeroDxhqzbcTwoThree'

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no
'+
				\n+'            formatted: <a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=opener.Show.toggle( window

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no

 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroSixSixxJJSevenyTMEightlN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroxxJHnOnetPtTFNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroOneFpRlOnestnQNineFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroFZFourGflTssZzt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroTwoRMBlBNmFivexOneJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroJFSixEightDXFourScBds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerofSlTkSevenZeroEightEightEightEightH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerorTwoqhmKOneFiveglThreel'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroSBLbMFThreeTsrgS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroyDThBgsfLJXX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerogHpgxZeromWhMHC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerorRkvEightRFourBpkyv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroTSfRgpknCgTThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroytHLhBlNcWDd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroVNineWWHZTlThRTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerodLhSevenTwoZkyVvxt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroVkVxmwgTXpnEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroVPQvCRGTllfH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroZeroSevenTworfVrsLJqn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroLpDddkNqBmNThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroFwThreeFourkrJmHGfThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroTxlTsyGnThreeLFoury'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroSevenZeroXTRCrTXSevenZB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroTOneqOnemZerocCvThreeOneT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroQEightsdFBQzngJG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroqDywTlZSSixcOnet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToParentDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=center style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <table border=1 cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnebFNgFpJQSevenDfV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneDkkmqFourPpBNineZeroq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneqwSevenpSevenTTwoMltJd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnebKGFDvCVXVMv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnewpCNineZerogbyFourNMSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneTwoPdHNlnkbCfm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnehnOnegSevencthhwxC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneSixrCmpHKWTwoNineVl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnerFivePMEightEightWdJdFivev'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneLvTlzTXTworQnd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneRTMFMkZerogFourLNG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneMxFiveZerorGDFourFpySix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneQThreenQTQbzggHg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneqsGlzThreepPJTwoTwod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneCmDVEightKnOneXCCV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneCGKyTwoSDGtnzP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnevThreeCXtSxgrwKf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneHFiveMbkMNkgHyk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnewNinefwThreetDTQnZf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneymFourNineSevenThreenZerosmEightOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneXlnqMFourHzwJPC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneSvsEightFbXlGcTr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneZerohVdWzSTTwoKRNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneThreeyVxDzsEightFivepZeroQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneVRwCwFiveBkGSSixc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneSBFMtXnXtqpc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnePqpNinedGSevenNSixhThreeV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneJVMSSixmTwoEightwSBb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneQySixVZerorOneJDBlx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneZZRpwpZcRnpk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneTTyzhRkFbmcx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneRfJRThreeFourVkSixsFn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneRrtdNTsfHJThreew'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnePOneTwotvSixsOneKCWZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnefbKcCCSevenGMLFourL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneEightSXcsnmkFSixyR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneJXPNNzpsTwosNFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneOneDNcNineWQFourvdcB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneDrzCxvvkshqb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnehHSbTOneccLgdf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LandUseRightsNetTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TaxesPayablesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

            <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroSQZlWTwovvRVEighty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroTlKTQrdrSEightzC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroqKbTzyZmKTNn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroCSixfgMGtJTNwB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeropTwoNinenMFFThreebThreevR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroTLKfqXtRMvSixNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroHEightGnsJFivepRXCJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroFourhSixKctyFXThreeVh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroTNineThreeKkmqDOneSgFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroRTNineBZDBpBcBq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroFourBSevenRqQxOneLvym'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerophBGFiveBhHbFourST'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerosVKhbtcxsqNx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerodrctcWNnKDVThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerorXvFourNcztxZGb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerownHqTwoSevencPLpcc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroTsGySevensZerolSixMzT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroZeroFourEightpFourLTyqNKT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroJyRhcSgSixmXTF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroMslSixVDFourMPCHOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeronkrdQNKZerosPLH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeropFkBQwZrqBhV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeromTzqlztLpNms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroFiveXrGFcFiveThreeTnFourV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeromTwoJRgkZEightRCQh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroPbGdltrSrNineEightTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroBHxEightWmRTRZeroDZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroKROneftRyHhThreeSr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerobLPSevenCnBVSzcX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroGysOneZJlcPvLS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroWHSscSixGsxZerodF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroTKFoursXFourFZeroVprFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

        <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

        <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerolPXShsQEightZJSeveng'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroNGJgBsSJcThreehM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeropTpXtTCKSNEightg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerodTwoppyXHNinefTwoXv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroCFiveyNinefGnLpTwoWK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroJmPTkLqSixdnQl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroThreecGFiveEightNDKfBTwoT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerordxbfThreemHWhyS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerogFivepkwvdXtkNl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroEightJRJJQFivervJJl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroEightGSixNNWqlpFmR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeromTcRTwomThreeNcTwoThreew'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroTXPcHTwoOneQkvnw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroJsyyHGSixOneGrThreek'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerokPZOneyZeroNinezKSZerov'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerowQtHxrNineCXOnedZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroSevendKNPGTNinetlWNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroGNEightZeroxZeroSCFivePPm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerogGDGqxDmwLwD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroVOneThtRBxQfFg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroZXSixhNinefNcCQkv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerohFQgEightFiveZqxFourTJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerotTwotTwoNQhdqPvq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LandUseRightsNetZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroKTLNRHJHThreeRtb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LandUseRightsNetZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerovDtTwoDhwXQkgH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LandUseRightsNetZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroKTNLSixJTpyrZFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

          <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_AdjustmentToStatutoryReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsAndOtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_PaymentsForThePurchaseOfLandUseRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireLongtermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_InterestReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivablesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneNineRGqlkcsqtwTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneyRqCmZeroVSevenSTwoyZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneJVmygLSevenzXfVZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnecZeroHKtXCFourmEightEightw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneNVlpFourJdRThreeSevenSixTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnefNineNOneRwvNPQFourr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneLWyWCssCFVNineT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneNRFourSThreeXCtsTwoqv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnevtHFourFourfLFourQFmThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneNineSixGRgdqVrnmW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneRrkLMBkJmFourFb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneHhLOnevrPWpOneTr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneCFSLThreeThreegSCgwn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnexpDnFkzdJJCZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneRGcvTwoFourFbkhMp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnePTwThreeFiveBGSJHlJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnekqkpThreewEightfSevenrCF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneqLZeroDlGEightTkbSN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnekOneFourSrFiveWGbcJc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneXTyLDmWLFivefFourTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneSixTwoTwoTMTwoMtTwoVbZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneDffZbEightzFourXFmM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneLFOneFiveLJMxvCJc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneWJTwoHTwoPBbgZDB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneLSixRwSLvvZXFiveT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneLtzWNTytcWrNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnegdttFEightgfyFourDk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneWVGSDRLThreeTwoHMJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneWCbhCrZeroMZeroKSevenTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneKTwoWFiveFourhEightrFiveckD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOneSOnerVpBTKWcqF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroOneThreeThreeFiveOneSevenSevenOnewCgyZSixpZerocFCN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroVCGvSNineZOneGCxK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroKEightflgNineDmbTwoZeroG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroFpPVGyOneFSixHJF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerokgFiveCSixZeroJZKkpQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerowghRFrrrThreemsB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroMNVFiveFourHxSevennMGS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroFivesFivemRXrJkgWp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroQFournvnJTThreeHZerobC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerovSTwovfOnedHvKgZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroxDWpvHSPzZerohC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroEightTMFBMnSTHGP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroXwcTZFThreedmTFNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerokgvwrXpkNpnm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroXnZeroFHfxZeroDfSixG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerofHCKPBNineRWJDd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroQTwobkkNllZZThreeM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerorTsDWprvxNFourS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroWFiveOnevDBsxBFiveXL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerostVTVNlqHlhT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroVpsWJdfOnesFivekR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroDLsLywpnNSevensNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerohTwovPJklJvwSD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroTEightOneTwoZrMVMZerozT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZeroNWKZpCSevenhJCTh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerosXOnezRgKZRThreeNX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroOneThreeThreeFiveZerovTJSevenrKvzTOneFiveX'

3(Q
C
Q+GAM





M+T00.
N(Y;I:4C@-$B]YN:$C+TXB$B27


BL8O@G]?U?@_`IN*4DAE7)/8_C*?38GOD-/:_KV1U
&T+T
.K]




_)

M2T%






M[X

M_44'?F?+[=1@Y[=MSV][$Q'ZG0O0?0R[_8;3SHQ_
S'LK0_FSA[[A@=OYT=]



_@/M80N



Z&]7!)
M1`*0VM]&+022IEC@WE1M6RM425&250%

TZA!\CJ:A2G2$U/M]U3RP:'5


MB@PH%5:WAK!AYN.U-:`L#BO-#`DO&%U'9)!X`QHO?INU!./B=AI-_&G\B?CI
M@SCM@E2.JN8V]EIAV1Y;54%BQS)MQ^F$K=6C2=S!EA



MF[TIU)\F#_`Q_TG=!A+=\(B1@=+_;0*Y2E`B./P*X-*'KB1(K0)21D82G!IR

M6`W=DPI
UF2V?

/#6$Q*(EEFVUQB-U.JLAI#HS1P?S60UQ;41V0Q]I
M

$1G/TF6PP8

#'8C='M`P!RI:2AFW#T9%:

@'(9)JR-J#:8^0K`IKKCD&WZ3D&
LR4B#.)/=!A&

MOONO:::F\Y
#L
M5N!D328BLBO\_(0`MI&?U1#@/RF[54S=_B/X#-Z.64$KX9KFY$2='+SIJBF
MV?QQ_T:8.F.G:A0VLJ/KS)CIDIW92%;N4&]W?#:AZI`EX3&R5#-W3Z`52_/9
MB;K

40(L`2/5T1%O3)5B8TE&EO[R7;B:
M;EJVS$P;8W:LI(JN#'3-18?J`N



M';:`N8E

.)216^`;FN
GPB-D:6J77


MJ#T/T&!`J9ON)-\2G[(HQRQUV79
\'H`Y(-N+G1'URW#-EI)R]IZ5W8'_Q[
MZD5T8WI$Z28/4AV'CX'7A](-P+.)8R`G5NSF_+`W(1YF[

MTD;IL2!;QS
WI19]J7`%SH(AS6#'$AKBW;Q.Y#/.2U^1'9:`L7Q)SB.0B5?D
MH+^%;-TJ75F;X9VG.)



`'E9`%TRVH*KUC.W'UN^=&Z#=]U(76I8(7V


Z2*Z&I\^#!Q*
Z`U)Z%50[U&\]O.UX2#^S'03

M

M^\A^9=E^I8O=K!MYM[F6Q(3A2%PZH];8)JPECL)W8A$$O5--TNNNZ6T6L!
M1N1ZFX4-S:D)ID%6*?X#WGR$%CL6;^YN3B75.+TFJGCCFC-


M\I[:O-ELV

F\&JQ5=JBTEC2^H\;Z]FIVZ$_NUQ+[YNF+`X

SL3D_

%B?T6



`D#.'VOAIH?DLAF$*^I,ZSN?,O;RWJ
M(,)^BXE[-17$MR-*HY
M/I=MN!(XBFBSD91Z`12VP227027&F2=[-[KWA+7
MZVG-OL40A8BPQ$


%/

O

MOSR!DO/+X_/K_H72/[X[__W\[OSTMHC_F00FE5+)BKBAR`J8;N7+[J.#?
%W
MJG]YE?N!C?O_PN;Z'V)1C7168\5_DA^2KOSOE6E38'S,Z'RX,5LT5;H=(?
M0]

/%^2\8+Y7^#%P-]G]#YBJ[.B
MOU.P8YO[HL<L6ITDC9('J)P.GI0/I

_'E1DEYI\RB@Z9`+4UU05D[HD3T$:P=V@-ICX22XF_
MKUP%FUF@J8'E`ASHE2BIRZ;0V6TLA8R@YS1=$DC8I?$@\NZA\C2`&9T?D)L9



8<;U$7O[A#G<
MH+U'
)#W9(-R=7352XX97S&R=.F#6PY86D/'MPB(*]\&M1D8&3)=`RVNHVYF




MX^N=L.PM



%


S01#16G-%7A%/RB



+;(I'1SQ1^<M

D^4
9
M`&;A=H\[
0VP1;R9)\$0:20OX0[(K!H&@G?D5J/^)X;[QD#3:!(I2AV?1(6.

ML)
PO]FJA.=BZ
UZ/Y*&8D]CF\GPI


Z928=[M@



?*Z[A?A[$!Z3Q@5F
B6)&
NB'
M[MB?+;V'2;TUQD8%'CQ\N37KWOC^73T`1L0#OIW7[.=`IP`T/'3+K7?_EL]
MK/CL46#7A211D/\]*S1BVY/X*5PV^0I7TK5?_MOY;!3J15!J@4(%$6O(?ZE
MWH.8LRSWY.:J?S$I@%94ZFLCP!=%)P\F`C]?G'[%?[Z.SI[O=V;YI0%?%*$&




MXW9



(S%1:
8:6

M=;#Q)K8;;`&F9^=85+Q$9QN#\&C
=*$]2
!4&=+-A[$5($VXR2$IFCWQYDYO




!R[0U%0[*$K\=F

M


M5I9FO=C#_6F/O#6?UJEH[N_@1_QYB3__V-_1MA6D]'-!AH+JB=_)F92C`E





M2D+?/R7Q

M]!R%0M+8-R]P0@[@B0
7=


M'#S;[#RJ'+#4R#(]P$


LR#37]F0-!88)8\0*B

@U$FC%$P9`ZENPM.4+Q
M.(7.P,2@T*OSHNDH00R+E0,#Z:ZBE4B#MAI=:P70?$5*@XF!$+I
=FB0#C
MPL&@I?1@-;)&6VRE$S=BK9&%'#D%!\JTL1F2Z[&(YVS'5EHC!_3=0!Z;XR'

M

^H%3KCX*\O!Z-Y?'P
\I'^CEFY#IHP23/:)
MRJ3XH^Y
14Q46Q/]$=E2SQO
Q*NCQH_


M/$5#?()-J:F!CDFTY\*


MIW
$S-1*,$<OH\+&C+WNU035Y3=O
N
3Q^XC+H?2
ML0+*5.]S1?H$6(
=#
]C#@7J+.IU+U234$UYS-1:JFFX?ZH)=VXLSW;$?LU.



\1QO&F






.O%SXYYC;M*N5%%I:;


MP03'+;-R\VZ;[($-@'U2\


M+H;/0.#V'0T)NP:&IU-270;Q50@/,82-OHTW+E#/2F)]T$/4I96/E8HE9W

#&6G7&(;JZQ[FX^M!VBWOX$
'


MX]$NMAL4#DDJ

M*F^'




ZN(.98

GUE)E@!.K;
06
M$
]5JE6R8.`
M#S6QXH0%G\=

M[*-DQY1U6GA]W=('AM@=W65

M1BF!1OFY?QKE(UMAGO(LZIWN





R2_1ND%5R_1QN6+=Y;W0:(


M-]M1K%KHA`=HL@)4D'.(9D*4I0FK62D:'I3CC15(GKQX
5-F7=K]2@
M7A$6BHRA(/


M9`F$KS3$Y6JQ%.8J'.B/.#U9J_


;1HHYB.[Z31K1ND6)8/UK3_GM







MN5M]_QKHEY'7%G)6=U/B*

MAP1E9+B%^&W
2LIW
I=Y87/3+UP/PS*RRPKRJ;


MZ

MZ)BT!2/IBF-ARS@J^#5/XR#;D66R4!7WF:20:BTH[%4]I*00(B

M94HBCR9*J
.?$'W*-!O[;F+B9*HRC/^W?


SGL_'$JQ5+D^9


MD4:@





4D#/\WG(

M._


M
%
P6PHO&30_*3@7+@#F4G_(H.H[%CQ[Z%6U*Z%CPJ%''I
2FQ
(@76#&L

%CB%-JFT
7\7V!1'-$N']D/R5T(D@*OG*]
M.*1TVEX9RXE[^[;]P+9A)H%FY$6%R,C`7H/4^)JLBH!#HCU.=4FX<:P'&2.
MF+ZFN_'T%8.U
`SK2
5J9:&PXKC&2F

M5J6)?97_^/Q=R95J@?=/PDBJAX4`$W%[4(&F2-,@M[CG\)$^%#;]*']O?/

MO?E)QP1V/4H!L'Q*$R2W&(9R60WS\1CT-1C.ZH-D^Q[5J



M5;G:;
Y?3WT[AB]873\)
R$Q

$+8**Q]CH$E6X*!%6Y7F_(S7;*KB+GAQ1\
M*4UV/#'MJ0Z4GOB.ZRO



M;'H#2?PG-3#A`;J1HK'P6K17S(/Z?1WX'_DJD+T
43?*YJ3=9E0/Q
H:G5F`

HU!4[

M8WX%.P


V44JB\V!?

ML=XKMF


MB99HHFD6TR:;)R


SP7F`QP3PB=]7
)32WW5%BZP*\S+QO;#I9C0/8QV
=`W


C!BN9#\Z73-

M-15&JZ3125I






QC-H^;<LCYNR(F&+P1A'F%5
BID1


M1T8J['(!(U'I;%



+N3%UISR*(&1

MH^]M47^'/18Q)6)*WJB

M8US&HHE9^+I%PTXUOG7=SUC,`VIOS3QYJ9DK#A#PWIO6/XW?OK!;N)T#BQ

ABYH;M=\;JF;=P:3+;+;
M560P2UC3Q;1=-\E8DN(8+GR3!O`*23458^S*E&/DNL2+LH3/#Q7/LT9;7&=
)+A2A/'[I
0]$:*)RFA



!

$`$V4H:?`I=
M@@$,#QTXBP^B3B7/42S7)(M4C3D-T(#Y\FW0)^;1-.A`@ASFT4H]-)CLD69
M$N-:R0?[4#H[NC^6CNY/I)X]


M!!7[\:(%!


MU^
0GVS<UYO1$/E!$<?(FX
THYL&TX3'!

+AG
KDKS&O!R@4@L

M?3#065L`Y$#%LGQNHAE89
T8QUXB>



M^?-PL:TDL74&HVK


?:BH\#(;
M3&VT8X:^H2D4V[:T=V!(N7[?!7.-W-\X[_%07/2^SV!:6;*D&V2^/@'7LH@]




)T)[_7=
`*!\8GX!E/T

M'@LL\

MD3





ML=)7

M;)U%U?7G2&8%KH-\H@H45:17/L+LKA#LB7FKT#'(2%&\F2B^9P8@=SZW!6

V%NH&[M^T&W^E



M%8

N'I27Z8@XE;Y.!QJ!<.XW;/A
O7T(_I3^/2/HC8
MH=+BR.'.D8H9YDG/:.(8`-3$U


E[-'MVZ/]W;=';R
=2R=`8QPFS-+R

[$K=-


D'*
#G!OB8Q7QMV0=7!94ARY+'S]
3:[$!^8=1A

DP%E$.SJ;&L)9Q`_


LZX
M:
'!S


MS&`A7MBFQ@ZMJZ_5%\E=_YXHTS$6+G!-



.16U?R6N[



4X

)Q1_F


M#;

M.E:.8KTJJ



CF-$
M#9#K0ILJ8




-
\M3[H3^%#!%I[*;PJRNRWN



M-BB'K
FR-V6M-F.UX6G3

)C*KSS^Q#6HKCJS%8:+]

[.V;
MV
;NF]@!?\G2!#F



U3;GNNDI]T\9H+\A/

1]@H
#IDD6@PB

M[.]GN'.G4U(RSH.V@RR?FAJ%ZQ8%CACXF*SLQE/9/3M




MIF0=D3T@U


7_WR]+H^()J.*H_1G]1I0M4
M:T)G-4.H7
1


MLZP
#!OL/









6KL_

@^Y6E3BQ3D
M:VRG1=7F4=0


]@^5(?


M_9?J;%+:A](%``]3

((3


45.E6:&?/
Z^BT/LH_A][(K3ZJL`S+Y[UTLYC)N.'22'`IV'

9:-O:U;D
M2F6SKUSN;65ADC0


TXLW_MI5
M4T+TZ3B4:C5D


MR9O.[B=OAGQ%!WR0L=(C:G15[(6]C;VP)*_
LPA/:\&\DEAV%*\$%&L[&6NV
M@*F3?

J%N;L4*8C9990ZDV0.\-2CS#MQ0U[


MC=J
GL?1X+=6O27#Q9_(RHX.B:VP`BZXEC8I8I*(\W3-L@(8UD5-9Z9M.]






MW1H;5M^0_KB[/OZ3/[WH]0';TOOGTHHX!
Q4@-%03Z


M+(ZY+IB4UF$=B)V)#=9Y9[.V7.BR+).'-QUQE8`ZQ9SF-&%+3$^]D6EZ7GU#
MH]E8[@U+Q&

M\8Y@521

H#M8Y7




6=P&


ML!YM6#):U


FH5A


!.G+'J&<`!#ENIM\<_5W/H)A87@!#]A2J9/P^9E=

C%(:5CP<I83MS;M^T'MA,Q306KT9RA];CU$?-*K/J`0X(-;G5`R!&YQR
MD$9A^IKNQG,Y#-;1+Q`$RNR@T*'XQJKJ9.D(%8`B'6ZPH&'OL'R/F!H[(Y'


OUAMQLS^S<\?E/P8^21*FFL@Z4G?B.ZRO,=O(6^&SZ3Y]BI%I8BK6



M;]@X*PO4VX]U!$+339.I\0[8'V[O8][%GVFYX_?Q$O&O=.B^L0^E:JV3J!::


MK4A=H9`GI8:-PJI4-LNO3Q:D#!8]4FADFRB)F;[3M86:-_Y
4ID%WO.LCN6`





N$'$RDZ;V)DP5EI^

M:#%5@?X3WPN;X$7T'NM@F6M@6@T9Q7_Z-F_#H?)#X.!9@UV/YZSX42]TRV
L


6%=^E8`T\T;)H=))6#U@V&+KTP39`)7P5[T^&WO\'
M&B!A9.X.%2GVIPCZV9)=I36I(+7RYB]6DTFTVB&1F=&F-A%J\:+I(4)`MH
MKX:;-1HO+Q*=
;:#CDDQ\P2#@Q$W;IE4=%B9=#MM$3)S*=YIZ67?8-'QXSB&
M
^%Z(!%Q2:UR4*VDVA

SA$7':CEN7YA.


]L@*/26^?)SZ/._92K\'8M]O&4Z
ME5*BEU1(&!M\R0'REX*2CPEBD@A-*2&/.XW?'GN]
/=P?'GWN]S]?OI?]7
MH3]2=?(LT5YO8?.V\OLYH?[@&WQ_EI/+=YRL-4'6(LA:%V3-E:P]VUO:$]MI


IMRKK]=!Z$8%L++Q-JD0@S_ZR7CLP

I5AC95%0+Y:S4@5U8R69ZRZ7$'F



/YJIB^_GD0!J4^6J[G^&/=
M\MQ;VS34Z7]QG/\)'CFQQV/#HY^/+.W$MCS#&NKPI
YO[^G/WK%IJP^2C_


P32D\-($


.%;](`7B&IIF*
79E265R7^$J6\/FA
MXAFV):
IK3-6F^B68M+`^

EQIXMA]



MJ#

7@7-#7^50NK?@#:.
M+!GI@)*W\`0FEHS@/MF^J3'O)G)V(FJ3VP!O1K$,-@^/[X.-@PRUA7TX&;
MBCE




EP



MW%IUYU_!]U@7BK



M=

Z2,Q2B$/ZH3&:4`9@GR[-O%#I-[8)A21,R8`2*_L#.N1ER'
MQH0/[9F%&'@CQ_:'

M


A6BKM?;71RYNE%AL

M;%





MP-(E^J=+JE<D,H+RJD36@T7,_;E`'),)@AA[CJ)1IMN4&



!

MY7
HE`YI6'-



M4P9O5Q:D%^R['X%!B4?`KF`9@0=R8A_*TI6GK3!)\\659J=M41T-ON1O[TXV
M\KH
C+C^2U-8M5


#2S'#P@





MG#J5W_Y;K77J[7JWG3N%4F`OA$;.#^^6?KSJ/7QY@CFYR)U$E4KNU)F'NA#B

P=X

MJ#-L$\JX(60Z.3!_0KL?]_A'=^H2EYSIV+V@V00NW\V2@5^D+H!
.[Q\_3

31J=L#I:N2_ZN9!+X1$
M/^[/;-\)9L'Y?O.

M&U&WT[NSBZ^?/KZ0\U=UQ?!,G%XR'(Q?'WWOEUWZ$;ID
W=P.H6^^T:M5N
M[I29!3R-.A^UB=_N_K`-[$HIC@%LGK,=*6J?:_'3(]]@^*CRT0H%T:X%B7Z
MII0@;E3BW^BLW(NAKARBS&M3#&^XPN@M9A];0UF:F`JO].\!GR]/L17H4]\A
M^J1SU+6BCL!Z=:9$*#SO,L$HWX;XJ[I#]-JV9X-[])'AFHNZ/B:E:5VB23I
M+/5Y


M6P;)#.#F2I'Q3Q7^_HGW#BY-NHIN-W[/ERSU_
CR`LRYTN;+\'2BC7!H[91N




VFX6


VB




8NASEN^?#4G^(I+[8[N83\:S\5(FEJN

/Q-;YW5#[^=6QQM_*OI#F`



P)LS-2Y&5\B

;


!-5P
$51=;K6X8`7

M0_/*LC
M[%2


*MYU7R24AU58PISE
QMDKZ_6+&2I41O-QLNCKI@7^;IV6%:G+%=0
M8,KK_\(;\&JGX\/5_F:JXW?_LL8?QE\



MJ\NKC.DFJ41!`9

#%59J@[5


M4

M

M




M!:9.0VXVNV4P]O:%JB6VIP6)!8E++AL6JH;\M$&JL[/FH[G8`LN/F@W/7+A=

*G`7.NX!S^0+$


?[F
M8D4B'=(+$@L2+P;))[3'.Q5)IIU8(H:35FPB@-.PYV9&E7D8(X\L*AEZK?
MTC^[&9Y-+K_0]]/!U]SKPM?JC6:K



M+B[/%#0*)QW5+^]CGH/?],N-;R6OVYHU1N-9G.NY=Z&TF




J5I1=%4797V::NEQ!QFE7UV:7:XA4MXIV7K9$#$38B9*-A/E
M$5/;-M-%67;Z4Z\`,U3D3JM9!G-O7ZA:8HM:D%B0N.2R8:%JR$\;B++LHBW
M(($@P6[:KJ(LNRC7+7!^@SB7+T2\F;+LA=C



MADCQQ8NQ1/)7*IJ

:O@%ATQR(NO7C^XO&
_@B_R]0'8
MV3U[I1U



M77Y#


_QN=9-3X[DAQ


B\(4A*

:2/9!


7O
M9]#DMUP7):LOH5\B#1[=C#R8JNCPXO?C\U\FZ;)/%*QU[E]):UU5*X/I$CCD
MZX


MS&L==6II9`J&

A4

M(].TG_!0+?J+=)C8&_AF*!DRSFW2F+S^3ZJGRPYP_X?%5G___Y5\8*4FE0


MDJ;WO?1ZIHLIM3







S`-LN][MN/2C\&T/-G.@TL9P!M()GTQB3*9;QE54^`G*%SJ
5_*L5;.Q






&;
M/MW?CY\G3N^8+F9L2C%/EP

Y

!YD^/KX\F#A3]\.Y_TKC
6WDZA
M1ZM1J^1JN





MVT[UG@=H
I@9_:441(
X51[`)8\;47R/(GUL;$O[[(UT)W9.231626Y.+(C4
MKE[VO;E/9=\_]RX^W







MUSB7OJ58TH7ML1`;_B?=V:8IG2FN)YW9MI99@KS9')D=UG-O=LX:F;?FWH(*





M:$FT$F@+4?$

M'AI.Q

E.+GU$?5_U_VG*[
8?]`Q)!9F

L!D8'G^J










D.[-&`

A'%OG(V]JT?:5&7Q[9
2O%

DI!VM.X3XFZLS4TGOC23JOULS+



IW)D@B\'A+]=W+OJO?%\[C[C5^UL(\EW68'




M`MD:^#U_FW[WAJ/AU+O


XF?B._KLH;$5L7L!MC4P]7Y.1P/K^_G#




=+


MNR)7.^WR4;54BPYO.S


M2^&N1147PF=.?



_];XXFG-/P_S*O\1Q!6P-0'4=+&=A6Q?'
MGY_ZO5_3'^-/O9N


6]N&G;TRP


J67Z8%
$/EI(C]M\;.[DR4E\M.V17F1G[9N


$2_5DEUF


K-;M:8






_:202^SX#E3Y7OZ<%61ZI6#J:XX


Q.
T`3.T




R$6`1P/N1P?OWHG5C8SKYG3GZ<%;`NNLUV-SL59N#

MR5#IMEO-/


\
MK/G0X.SIY]EQ\

ML9

F(4T'_Q/
MP1C'P6_'_?


M?^T='^=N)1W4:M5.I9*#
YV$

[_O4N6`8YV$?S
MH.9#`AK['+]Y#T/S`NXY?LI?(M1:C4X.$C$-V'S(`*OK\NY;GUSS[]]=N`=_




MTR)O





1_3P3Z
KUUN=8K#)N@3+0Z1.X2W'=FU)







5.M&7/=^LKLU25_1E7S[@\7*F5DCT




M4^X+;L]KBL]E





OPY\MU:?+_6\-GSK(XN%SK#DVR?5FYY]


M2T.T!E*/I]C-X'3T]/W+PS#W_B/53JO;;:R(51*DM2;JY@H[./4F4^='$5Y)


R^Q
MO;#N!L






B/VNB
=
(
M/8B=@8WEBU9J=;G6S+*QN!^B8O-I$JGH]80\8J=4-`B7E$^6C:;%;G;R7?Q




MD?:7-L*RVO067JJ0:;ZKMH6))0RUS:J&AVYVRY579,=I^GN&%EY\'5R%[V
M


MN4N3W/L?Y#5]NU017Y!#D&


MZYV*W*RWR^3W[SY-6YA'W2T333?J\*Q&_GU+&Q6([1IBNV4R+'(GHKYK0:JO
;6_W$%&):5/6#)0W96%UA84E[(&7+2RY6JW(

M$FO3J%*KM^1J7534W73:1ZJLJ;^K-D6%M[W4_WOIT^\X+;/7MQ1VUGJRKU%O




MI4A'0\=0?=.C$_?!
7O%TFQKR&
.(N2P._IYQYUG0;4=%C_%.@[MPV9C[CA_
?'3S;Y@G+!OA);\)6K;:+;E;

6X`B;I`^K.M-31VYU-%T
MYX`QZWNI.GF67-LT-



C;
Z7O)

MNN2.;



MVWG`'CZJ



P5B



8
M&YNB0+O3EJO55DE

_ZK3JL(
'.Z5$S

^K$.+\!-[M]6*^E[-Y5*\+-WCMW4;C9
MZ]$M*%RCN6]&?
@+Q&T/'G7F9*U5NTZ[)4'_^2BB/)8*_N`3+D5Z2N6[D=+
M\UW/
7*Y=I5:7:\UU-J%V<VEO;@L\=;'7&L(W+Y5R

;1LS1&]78





MWG4W;(4R%CCO/LYO(&K0/NS

M?BW


$('8V6]:D7N5L6NQ[[9
'G)J^7)N@\Q=8%
69$IMY8V^6X'

M=Q3(E!69TFG?5*_^?J1;O^`_Z51_U$U[

M4]1%VB%75R0KUNHMN5H751XW(AOJ[ZI-415IIW7O7OBU.TJW]6NX3OFE0[

=J<.TH'<?0B?\G0GJ]A#T:
.'TA]/#ZO8$%



M);=MI65-VO9AH[YHLVN='93

YU]7H5IMML4J


JM1P.#]@(
6MOGZ;_GOF*Y(\42

5E-H!N5&4M5V9BQYGJ*DCO.8T(V\%DT[4R&%_RA([+H4]D--*

UJI7#
MVJSL:0?G+3=K::@ZPCG'!2=OQ


A/`_/.I.G\0%#^!_
:RA



^%ZJ

P'KS9@;&51^`3;#+G[:F)V3




MJH_[ND/7?I-\RV`/3'Q'_TW2=-48*Z8+4OBW_U8.*ZUVM?(_[PH`-B
5/L%5
NIWRZ___KT48.GP$M(Z+'Q]=G3U][QY





AS`CVL_X87QY\?73

S#5SG]


@
@8NXA
7R#AEXNI9V+)O7(-6&_[Z
E%OU!\GS^5C
MZED(LVY=GCY])QW7/W:O62SU
O\H0:/3;6?9WTB#
ART-LW?3Z\..$+)KA@PN?KTN7*+@(T*SARR\_?GC3SQ@/Q=2%S[4

M;.XLT9!T


^(=V



OJ$=<Q-E7+)6D2<A%`8S:W614MDTOVB!D
\1Z72




SX(!


M*^9T
*L\S$U4)Y0IR[5!&BETHCXO==OSA_ISCW!=D1!^%HF*EZY01WH1RDWM






M;

MD:29R-&B

=)





$+

M6!F%]OOQLL4U?O__[U+]LH4;T&)(WH?#C)K\+=F]SN$_])%W\0\Q+UQ\P+]W




7

M6


^\6)W@L7N+;5XWRS\U7@.?C_
M;Q?[LY:4R$J*V8%US2E




M6O^M84S


\!_8(4C





O*OHNJG57
<`


<UT;WGK/3;OZ]$C]XH*B


M%1



M9BO^!H%MY6!]9_ZM[1/?(K!%FH]$_E:^N6/*+_&[NY==V.PF98W[J)N$*O?1

M[EL+6SW532.Y




V@3)L3JIJ3
MA%B!.$K$TN1#5.[U]JITZ[2TZVJ#?CGIO!RKS4J+6)J





=`[BZ:=P


^WA2E%S`IAZVKNL.G.[!1E+`UW1-W
O$[
+R^*?_6]HGKL6^1








M]['3.Z]KV#/G#(^?$;'?
0MRZ813JSNTQXX9F$8`
[;=@=X/N5'GFOOZ&BT)

L
Y(R=


MF33J1\XU1C0ND_`+!SLN_I1R

M/C//.Z:P]@X1R/$RO
!*V
MRDVF
`.LS=3RKNJ@Q7N-H;PG))2G:P.#*[LC3
MG=DR

1YTD_

8
B#_%E`#&_8/_^N



M^K=O:.KADV!2QL;R%R(Y[2TE
M
1JGWA%*5((Y



HJ.09;L#-O/59%I!`.\
[LR@1W'


D;D?3F!_:)Q%W[3:;7C\=

C/9<1[AB!7;IH0]%/M37J.@;\LS_F.^T<9[#B:CU`UFZVF


&?'

MQL

M=!OP@G8.+81`)3/KL.K07&7T\/!4?ANQM0P56X:JB@P@B%+*B/]7='MFWUI7

UF6E
M_EK%MUKPP!`[G69^[8%




*)9CDK`&%EB;OCRT)&3


J_FBYT/O#$N^J_GRA?-7K[C/7[$U1;7G02O@



5IH]7EP_

D6/=)


\2+8R7L%32$Y1YGN2D
P4U#JJ
E1]W)T

-H`$ZR

6)8F2([_Q4KE&


S1OK'



A*7Q)DGE1*X;O

=?L/9SYP]]3T?WH7:[=GC

.B+

:;X?9
#WX&
MSY@NAS









KHN

*XK`






M=@%5D(;KV`&9Z\%4U_V^_JMP#IMK&2AK98[

ML;@=0*
H!@T?K[G.VM[OVE^YMA


ME4SDQFXTD$U&XM%XH22=Q9

?`+E
E'4ZD.D
MQ#-4FF):N-P5#[EI[7?/%:O)
CC^(NH#7!&Z&G*)
71H!XT+124'1A'M*DI!=O;;1P5E!M(AUFZFE@ZS:0YEN4'<8CGDGV2E%06
MFQ_A+!O:









M6!U3MG-5#NE`H?CX0W$.AL/ZFDW&A:ZGCS]]A_O!\R/,A&$];-,,J8+1R=
MISK^_%SN7$_PV3!M\VVO0J@5*D%N
@J
*FI206&(YETMO

M6RG/KR/BHA;DDLP.E`C!;-%`1])T9L$?=!\=#W?K31X8'-Y&QD801;$0.]\O
M(P;88N5V\;E2_7MX!U;.*_S9&J0\V8ML7$P=3C+IC%TQ:KLQP'^:_@L\TQRZ
MDPS@D15%*#)UR43*&2O0(_[HU2R_\GPWKV5B7TS5)D(P6SB\9N
._6W5RLA:
$5X']OL3^'4R@664;!60SMB-H%&/_
NO4?'PRH==A
MC8RL%
2)BH,;8E$-EMDD%NO@@1&@W?OU?=:;?;Z(FO%Y0F2F5#,%IW.WPF
M\#*\OI_
WZPKUJ`HQ9(L






$S5+^$.OBCX&KK9R


MCC\27=3

.0@
[*8E11\S6\NA]@





MN8)VA\K[`U&2(R&CH]PMV_J&S-X%FT++4

E%?XP=BJ(6+HH





M]A:KHY


MZ7$ZRZ\J(U'F)4F(+V0)QDEIO=(::?$=%R04_N&:/B;4_^B2`;%4DR8\!8J
MBID:*$W

SBFS?!_3IGM.^CZ`3V!
MX_I)Y@

/J/OOG+1B65Y=6$2+RL*Q-O*%W/=$J])(J_(!Q]G

M')HCTW%




7#.U6.O)RDJRDJP'
MEK










MJZ6

M*W*F'(EWZ\Y\Z5Y^K8#&:@1.K1MSI43^K#MSI/MYLD+K

MF1[BNPK&U[@YKF[
FQ+XK.[


MG4?P%]VN=PEJ!.KB)[HS]WF(ARBTGH+(/13Y4



9]*Y-.Y






F_!J70RX6;6.%L\2EUA'%?H#5X`
M.W/0
-'7




B;
K3.O
$8;`_%1F.V(<`JXKV7

W?
M6X/V'

=B80VR3[SE\6-QHHIV=K(L#C)5%!!^
Y:
M_3'&288
WZ5N%S4TH/)#2-@J_MU4=.53



M*T_$Y=N7%U4@[MTEVS:US@2RN]@C&`70E;S2RLD!L&LU_SJR=

M
AY+9).[)
(GUOK14IS;XJX#RP3FNXW%!3Y

M^VO\9-$657]B1?]/-IZ(7RHIKW5^K_7B$FN70ZEDUG+XY)2.Q[;Q_24=#X

MJ_FU6M
-SL.=&+CTU[&Q&.^%OU


M5#
8Z6CU.EJ]CE:OH]7KD(Q:R-REE/FL^\KG%C.2L+:9`J`C?
C1%N:BH`


I;E
Q26%?ZY






M5






C.YH3SA&2B`;8*W5.BPDW;B12@6!P[MP`TG



M2[?4-6=?(G


(^+G3\CXNQ$9
9`.4Y#EB\070-XD'P


$W0_

$JC


(FE3=H$\'XI_RNG&OU
M5WO+#C2?:;\/FW^Q
X7K11%]\V.FM]273K#3%!3%-[.&


MM!FMW(E
NC
MS+YF_

5FZAWO@HI0G!X0/5



MA(1D
PF3`2J9RC^W##;@$V
3V[SFTQ^US!L9;$NR!6AJ-P''EKM;K9]:W:W6


\:C\9\4G%RA

M'BBE/AKHCNK944W@J.?.L&/G4.E[_F]*[$5G+3NA1M76L\M/2EWWYMN!(TJ
MZ7DRY*

?


(US^E-B6T5B<_
M;X6<HA3TO6I;8]T!4Q&B`'+66O\G9ZTTI2]G+3EKR5GKC&:M'PA8#B;B?T4


I4+O-I=X-0`WI?TN*;#EVC:\KU6'?4GCZW'94?

SX.CC

\F=U/=Z1@N=G/\
M8XUUU[



M;M#

19@IOLP7







Z'D4:^7!2=XZ*(
MO=5UFG:\7#$EN&*BLXV.P1**60D_Z&%&0


59I5)X\U)@?L/@?.4]?.

QST*1
M#A?IH#I/!U74\TVX6Z\1&4G`C5OVCFA!8.0(B=LG#OSV8[VG))PD:`9B4;

MDG
Q-#O1\SY20#TVY2.^Q!R\IS!OG)0$4Q]OVZ.+]MR.
W3_Q%4EZ6B+G`RQ

#


OA31/)#Y2J98%'E!NID])Q(;$\
M8=D)LIR15K*TDD\`6WGG-TDS4


(W


KL-C
KM-'


*MI'_7/FT&=P?RSA^ML?.3:
MII'.


M_&$ICR-SIN0O

M/81$

!JC9`F1.\Y_;%1#?_#SRZ



XV$&RT&0
M#QH-$R1(?2O;I'!1*/S+?TUD'EAFC.?JSF+B%A3Q0AD8VHW7S11722^[&6F

M.%RPM/D`\(Q(
P8#73
0BW#7/;K;FB.?A[0.:;4WPRABJ=[(T9=:05`*7]$`
M@)V5]/I(0&T=M;E2/%?IZ9;N(-V#=E5M8%B&ZP&.CY?/H7X]K-NY;`C=OJID
M
_EL90M
'([<I`YC,4Y1+?;6H#(\U@L<,IW-F7LH5

M2%2&

MU@(KNVBQ84]P3X'B_$W2O946'?-*:

M?LN(_)(0;P_

M$?0!L088'@LC_)A$&DZE_RQ=;*\WL)PKE'*.K-`[1!R?Q(GRS67)`LYQUF3F

MWS1FUAIU=+0J=@R\


MU[]SL5%0G6\4[*J&
V]I;BCU_*;`1H2O2
BCP=S$P@O0B0[+$=\[HBWLJ`$0
C
MI;'ND-PX:X8<@!&E,2DE'5;2.4$E+8@ELW_O]A<R)/MP'%0U+^R.K7U'J):

L`




T7M


P(9``T'5DY+M-BN;@9F=



MY]?.

M[/;S[?O'^YMS)

M(M`)OH-YC'\]OD_
I$B;XZ.7*C%K(B6.A7/T4&1'L
L`H(\R;6=$T!


ANB$A5?!SESM9'%P(
#D+,$@;A(09&WX\GH_@S!*TY@^/%)ZI0D!.=K84\DB`L7



%C;_Q*-E=RL*_N6SH28S-[V_X\.!?6E00!0


5;+YY3*9AK#8_+4QJL$!
M=[<M@+0&_FO#I.]8@B)G\68W;J/S-B\OWPVT?7^[+GM8_N0^0EEY6(Q7XS'


4_PXE^
M







M$:KG)9L]R)Z
EL?:T
)YP&12:.P*X9$(Z3[B

=GC

M&2:+@$*\-BJFB
I\HDLAP9MIK(FP


'ZPEF)\.6I_5RO5S^Z36/*7%8<<Y6(
M]'


M!;;5


MBH/P):ZN


['7MD(75!
XHQAJ'O*GUUC`!`URT%?7/1W:JEV&@Y
]-5!S6C









M0$?CR@!-QC^H]]+CB4&(3_)/L
0BO6)`EK$0P!+5&N;46Z)WY[C5@X]B@7]2




MQQ^F22TCA?QK$I--Y$^3D]/)AY.C-^:/1P(4S**V:S02DPL.
]2O'V+:D^EO



M7YL@#M=Q_04E:Q./I#96(1

_''\:C5RA'






HO(74)J'*9#
B]-]PL9%K%#[_?
M`NS_PN`N



%K_0$/HI:76I]R;U

US-P;

J+@13
Y\'^TXFP/DW^!+


&2W`A.'R`'$/_&E`LY&)Q'`M


#$]*UX+60=-

MX[./



LB-7WI


M[9


M\_76MO
FVS







M2-+C3









M\72C?23J-]4W!NTXL]H;


MJO?H#ARUS[ASZZ]N;#C]-^.MDXAD?Y6

MMG





@P``_?L)`!0`'`!A;&XM
C`Q
C$R
S%?9&5F



KM?_+_ZG_7W0Q_^]?.IW^GWYYLZQ?AKBE]\O0


RS
O=^6\WGSN^X_[^;
Z[!9[*V``ZKV[XI_O%5+A`?$A#UZNPS(T


T`
MM'FR0[!-@0T1Z@Y@B:!++
P2U7?7Q3[!QM/GUO]KSEWZ+!#5[&X/L%DA30)W





:$A)3GCBF/M2?IF
48C!TVRV2$
AE!

Z;!KT'`</&;7ZW:63SHIHS
MNI_%F\%T??^.1!N:NHG$1&Y.S_3O70R.I#&:/@945M.B6H_=/[KE,B\XI+?<
M3W]MNI^R!I\YZ/;=0J';1;5*N!^


!A(UJG1&4B9G.G/7]'B2-0


MI@4V%KN+/#
00^O4Z
*_.G/;^*=GWBJ2A`T`W7ZLHP5O%UC1X:Z(2AS
.GE0

]9R=WK)FTD=]1N_




HQ
M3C(T?:01T_AC[MJH

MV9=WDPSUG9X)2B_V]







YIYL'N/LQPCW?+:0Q0ETH


MS\=&/=



1'-9K&V]%TYRNS]XY[
M_'


MV43YR2[WS8?E]LER^V0JRY7;)S]


MICXB5*:!%^?08$266X/^`[/1QQ'BU$8O:36HPX7;4EHS'=?4-S2CT6[=3?5T



&TU#8`EWXUV=^D+;_.&1H


MJR-UU#EUM/DU(9)$







M53\[7KRMMJ$)I+.W5S[;(4OP$V@:IOWD):T=3QF%W




N]N[N5LZ4'+Q/^
MZK'Q

:/N9R_6S[0%R:H\.O.\WUV


MWNWC5C&5_R0\H/8_Y:EXC(Z;?+5W%_D2MZ0=LJH?KS!Q:@)?GZ-D!(IIZA2*


!UAB10%I'-/










NW.%\U3Z[AX]^?ZE;^%
(MO`%9T





!\


C`G`4?9S
PIKN2!0APKG?]R/
MOKZ(WJH$\







M'2$ZFYP='KI0N;L%I6-3.C:E8U

M.X7S(T:;E;U9XA_[]V












2V=]J?


M

3_:0@/




MH(QIE#&-
J91QC3*F`;'F
9CDRV9&SK[.4D(HDP'


\R?%]S\<97`+B^2@S/\4?-&HL\;@V?.KFT,7/W_TH/MO1@2P^V]&_
MM0<K(C&*#/RW#89^@GRGZ)]1TY@8/RNXSQ/5:7:-K1Q\';`\F$3?)X4,.?M
M*23.W;

J4O4_HRW]J7B5BI?!K$8\9L8OPF%+!A_::0
M/DK


M)_[2=2E=E])U*5V7;^VZ1`16OH[@



MO;O`N**0KJ

_==2B=G]+Y*9V?TOGYULZ/

5#1QH_Z0<C:X`\*;EZXHSS/@(UX5'M[6P_C'AFR6*\





/[_L)=[=T?F]LKE
M?C/&IH
T5


RHX&/DK
M%CA^

=:)A_GZTDM7AO)




$$_B#)QE(/XRF
NB0`!_



9Z[=)(J8KQH%FR`/+0K/@CE<F=0'^
MEO`=EY]^PD]W-;?O6T&KR/<6QOCYB7:1M\U/=PA_!5U-.Q\4-R-FNG/-U9J

+'9W










MW#=$)&



M]&8&CKTX'Y'


^-
MV\ID@T0TG?:N*PZB#&;\L4ECICHHJ0H6O8&!H_S^LEN_.NA9(BUVETMPO40*
M+_Y8I/!2'8HT];Z0GSEPO?H2C^AGD@FG[WKBD`CSXH]$B_5D4A3K^@-1S%
MKTZ;JR[Y8@VUGH

MBA`G_C@


K5!
M_A6'P!A

MP9PRF%


MC1&VNH0?YAA73/M8Z4ZN32S70@OM=

M6C/RSVUWDK
XIW8H8Y!

M8W5^;AO_]
PAEL_KF;Z`%?@H#K)7V:/DR7T=NEQ)+U?24UFN7$G_
%6YDIYL

*2F4TB7)H-:1*^@QQ;M6/.1


YJYD+$2PN+NO2T8(8LN;OZY<M*^;)2OJR4+ROE



M\K`ZC'W^[UMC22/X`%JT+AM\0[6Y^!`*8G5`4JO:WM(-;GOBZ[.G8T_MS;7
M.:;//X0105]R$-FMR#`&48HPQCE&&,,HQ1AC&KLSSR`V[U?WI:.T-;IMK

*U]KUM6WG


MB][`7V^;HVOM906!




FE0P&`*U7!@*D'@`*TN-_C=N)/YX)O*2


ML??NQK_\L'W3-3U?Y'&


.V[1)'[&*/5GKC$M`\+W)W:V4F5TC7)[N2


MA(C7=GK]%#!@4$E@?QJ5ES4\526BMVG'$:R/_W2&.\V9.*=6/86U`0H)+!VD

JJ3OZ@5=N71/\297Z^SX24^


MIPM]YXPV9Y('8DUFEU!FA016CT%/)*MNG9BE2L\K9?]+M)L]]N-OV/!JO0

E=9Z#C

Z^?6@NO7&:$!'_QU17P;DZ3J+0R63'7]4

M\J^




EGA-_Z(4XJ0Z_L&HCSIF6FB/[A^=O=D@3

52:M)IM77RUI


MM-.^?[ZT5J
3:5(=+/@##.;!#V





DA.-EDVV_ZT
MBH

M?4(&.W5!R52RO
W=&7JPQ`YN#WT8GHZ]_@!W)E@K5C@?GCBD\E$7@'2URMO`

T$/\3(S(_6G5]]#(


MOEJ(B;I(HR@4@%O!5ASZVNGC7J4Q:C6ME@C`
=CPA!R-C;J@HRH5@%W!EANV

?C8^ZR*.K






5=4PN-&PW0
6^]FY5*96W-;
M-T=KT_0;[O[=V=@K_K&,I`PEQS&2BI=[!*


S%8A=F_YV`S#

M?3I7Y:`5YBL6L12^WPFU-+7+.W*(:U=&F[-;W3G-]@0]BGC^&%MRH
M@+!:[
M-



\UO!-:!NB4=B




'9]HZ=YRV:+-#E)

M7[KJ`0@7?M5LN6CKU2KYUNAVR'Y^.0AF
!8+8!KC[X1?JN(!^!9^]8S$\$93






BBY%-_$V



%
;9LR(E
MGKV8R=7$93?&BXO=/=J

IPV:D-QH/I:;S:9<<+C5IZE#Q14P4;SRJ2EZ086\#N['C&X=CFO^M

H*Z;6L\@=
9N%#-
);0J*J
M%[K*NBGU*;G_A+O#%B2Z`+^]!




M\A+G8DM)!L+&;:

?V@W
M\-_6N

:DK%T+10

M4@V


M-(V$TK:'Z/+2'UZ::W)]Y/($4PY*X8HE-6$$UU\E(X$@J[Z/1)RD#5KHQ'


GA3

^BKI8`\AO(-*_][
+
FVFE_/`['



25`Q1-




?W
M#D=01;'@`V0A7(`@Y4I\8#ZY&(/C'


E(
6I$@`7L4(F+M=G#6Q
M-!J5L5:I\`QI`I1YI+

'$.



:+GA_/Z

(7X9%7^





E

YXB\OQLN
P
MXX`T






M5D$3XVG8P(*2[^2#PP



M@.(D)FTE$)8

MGM#=-ERN/S/%+#`)4%0')$%524S.2B!ELW[2&+?G=`=FW/CCQ@`E/-`A4*



\AF
MRNZCD%4'-52E23SL)2'`M=D(?ST1H2=+



M`4Z8J#J8H2@

MC$-0%^2UX^_M*LECQ.U.(RYOY5'$

CE'E4FLLMX_
MMWO=SYN.#9^[PI%V%OB`M-4!$:P^`$HY1Y*/9*[5.N
=GF==9\(E'0RFF@4^




MEY`@3#936)!5AW,4)4&P;G*')KI)UKTTG7QH4

M`(Y1Y`[!^*H7P_'+KK?\88]'C!J6:!H6J.GAJ0R`3

C




M`RXLNIFJ3M#HJ@


`
MC9RCN%YSC:[C6%!S




V]-^?^A


MYO

3[&7!]+DY+V##53#L%PE35`0Y-

MU6*VYI*'!]'

MMOJ_5
KJ8`=2'0AG/`1-3)M=
VVK/!;L*E=!Y$
W.UJJ\TU0%
6%T`5'*.
M!/L]$C&RT



DYTEO!/KFN;6]K

M_4Q1'9P$505`).=(+P8S>9N[G1M57UWMFKNL





(2T660S00@EF%
:-MT9QY@
MH='+`I




=UM)N<CGL

M=877SFPNWB]`
E
0




X7
MO#J3;4



=S)#@





M@*N_YITWW%_7V[J-3PTBU]L&E\QAD&JFW.$P577`0U


M
)9S#/F\(D=



M)*@J
YQXOU[K#2KIVNU9'%J6`?G6*F.N?/%-7!2%!5$$9RC@EW]76U7EO8
(#G_[\U]^NVOQ?OE?'Y@D8@6?
M8.K-QZ/X?#/%2
2Y!Z&G*MB+\&
7Z
EG`Y$CQ-RR$HT+`2.`Q7S_]%?T
\34
M\/^!`6@:__VK[[Z;GQ?WMH]@]X=%J*&GS5SA#UDMYYGZGU;[X^^&N;D9#7T(
MV@I=^E?'7

T$G#W;J'@79'F6:-?NOK[POP-735M#Y$%S/7\
M5.PIG:#;*E7H



ENC/LJV-&V
B

M!%!6P7P4S]



3WWR[\KOP
?R9*:8#A]4BBH`A*XJ.D)$

M&0;=:P/.C
I(+V54)$Q/!8S0U`0M/N0%#5M#SA

9C&(IDRF$8EJ0)``&5!Z5!YP60VNWZ$_
ABTZ'5
M7'!8P(FFFPXP#+HJH(:E-B@[*K?79WO;(#.B-[BV1FBVA$^!RT@OY:MSF)X*


DM;MO1MEWG


H`R.06



M_C*%CR@1P80;QJA




MX/=F&6:A*

?3=%N1^DW`^2


$=
M+1[*D[?7([FTG?7H



BK1RPLJ3MU\CN;0C3=_N_-YDBV,@K/)$_$AS0%&(
MM'(HBNOR'X0`OIU=YB15
1KX@[)9)X
^``






MKPW@@
EI

MQE2N
95K3
D\L:]#.SB_[[9]XCG:ZT.7[!.'
^H%\(CECZ7E\8(N66IUYKNV
M%$OLYF`VVIP/ITZGH0UF_%%&I\\/80'ZJJ(KJ

=C8FJ
MB*
J]`7\-?QO5_.L?F?HCHPE?Z0!#/BA+
A`582%%

M






M&T6=



`17$$.RN(KI$H`8L5:?$!O
M
WBB[XXU-.*B%CA9QL-G
HK([(SBQ3.Y$^2E+``9Z@6@6*P5B
EUA#^N:Q-2
=<$Q%[8_+A#DZ'V5A!Z@5@-YCM4'J


MU9J4GM

MQ!VD4GF[J]
^


MO




MVW*7J`[EOIY4KHB5*V+EBEBY(E:NB


MK`Z((-7)6[5*(.S87BSUW7C0VE;@'7P9Z65!RQ







M&F1EBTO

MG;(ZX(%4)[%F:`)IIQIRLCO#0W.MZVLNO@J=8A;(!BJ`Y6@JB36^$P@)8X]
MUY?;)L:RNQVYZL/G##(9@$+C:PZB*$J36(-SP2BDB_-4W==FQT'5@4^JY@#


M7/:I


L\4U4%*

\EG`





5


Y4D1$@K0Z(0.4!5?ARC@H/


@E'
$^=*U



MI]:T\]F&!V;BT
^TG9=%7QTTL=4(0.L1499Z2'5UOW/V-NJ\]W/YPT:_
;7Y




/=%_WT73_.?![H#MP

^MKJV`M7'J8ASN+1'.+\W7`<5KV\<^JY






MDVYCN((/Z^/.@0^^J!Q4!!A=E?)R-%
)?3RL*PTTVFKU68\OLFB4^2#JB;**

M+N@9#



*L[^7(RVJVX7!P

M^&YSZ+BMM:5UW9H&AZ+S%2?'Y^1)G/+QH!I)WEJ+O!XN[+%G]_#2DG[MS0KP




MZH$HJ+J(6M8Y0Z@QO&Z'NQ89/RLVH\HB1]H\8!2BK1Z0PNH#H/0(ALLMZC-W

[

%


MGE4D
=TLMH2KIK
ZXP^[R;K;K&9'!4`P/3!%7!1DA1$E/$XL]_P^V1.$Q#
M[*=7G.T%S@WC032#)T(AJ@I4J`J3F`86/Q@P6@Y7SM:NKC1RG4
7\?'
84$(


M(;(&$\T07*




6V/;$L?^7M]^Y-(Z+WA0WTV_D7X


M33_#6V1$







MCX.$_O7PG]UPZK:VJXDCS2

MB:\MX.+@4KF+1C+`_7NA&3(!.T=`ZDIM_=U'W[N(T^Y]-T0]GEOWKN
#S7\Z



!*$SP.Q;H#*H8'E+



3(Q
C
Q


M#T%=+)%($0R$RF_'5'E98M@9H+*)Q\00;^S_][/1F7WKOA8CB;_H\__/E/

M_^

M8AFVVLN]F+@'_^

MSMLO_:0GN;5-QI&A:C39G?[ZC^8?2L-.7B'_M;WS_SJ
)Z/A:&G;NG34O/2?

'6*:-?DKX8??1?U6@P,MZBY=MZN$AX7!U9V/RJI
K&HQQ\T.]






M[9CZY*X496^O1F_4G9*Z+H.]]5^AEL833?5N^W=/;AN$+;4/I+F9O

L+O7J=Q&MW^
M4




MR^&T-6T/HQ[

MD'T44`]IJNF5=AZ

MPG`SG/8?6N.WU'Z3//?L-Y]8W8/B_KG
PX&#K
M[3WO7

*';9OO^I79'`5*MD;AH
A
M6S:`LH3LL?/9+D:/7\18?_DIL&3?*3TS^UN[/7N++&UTV]W(ZI=QM]9=[G@T
M.:ZR:+H?7IF:XHRR+(Q!&FR9-5F,N0PCM

M73S)WL41\7


!+HD7+_=80TL49[<P

:78NV!@KE9O%R=+#2GO



T0'AHW`W`J@U6*[&R!]\]ZOHRN_RO-J

MR/_$7O+KT
[K'1HQY=N[3&7
YMUPN:E'WTI\(






FO
Q



XIN_2G!B


M_J64:

M)$[^LD4)A)2__NV7?_GSO_SRKW_^6^S_T9___/N__O)O__JW+`0MU)D*YP$B

YJ`

M)?XL


M

M&01X.=[8W+)2!T^%#MK5?$AE_B5^K21PW3]9F4
(8JP])'=%#O!@
#E;!TZ7



NS8+B0*7
M:Z

3Q#M.FMKSO+7*6^8\ZD?'28M$RC2:UQ4+
M4]`14^A%Q7_'B'7E%LOG




=(6W5
E6!MQ#U)MMMMN&Q]V

78X5:#S




8+*V3AD(08^L3Z9%2UHW2%V]2+)@U:LH:

'DSQQ*R(W3+9*.


M@3EU8M!E

5@UOD<DB5?/SUH/MD2R*


]$
\$I!




CB1ZLX(832Z20

994B1M@L


MMK\O/0H



?\IC$KSP%'.^C#0

MG[UR:S&X'

07G

M4
#G

2(6'TB'UOM0ZW.-]-:ZH

M\OI&./QN-`)V2$=%IRNO?63S6?M45R*-9Y#*KVHAG'RKZE9S8W?[MI'@?:

N

BN\:Y/

M4W


M?W]

M`
N:3/8R]W[YQ_U=__1;9W=?1-&EUN[.TO_6FLS_C](LKID1?M[NO:Q3`6_3
M%7O*(T;ZR03I[JA1RC32-K3`JZ8MB

MH*1S!`OHG-PF_RB$I/GUL!N-[CM0:6&[YB!@$LV)
*
WBA8V*9W%D'
J)@
\


MU6'K93B.%]NM7]ARR

YL


M1+UI=[N=^-2


)O!



M-44UZY7FJE'\DMK=-_



MWBG^%`?=TMI\MACJSJ7-:&A8[]TU)%OD/36$:AGH2$^1-9[][9]Y5SM`?()D
=PA(3E1''AE9'*R+<*R%\YEZY6X+
MF1J9J87,W3KF62]^8QZG

)QTZ=*L
MO_#2I4$LM'39V]\B';TVOF:+8J.L@@=/\*&YL=]:O?C9NVA-1Y7N2Q*OIB8[

WVK*]_6M


MAD^\Q(O:T]FRN]COO):#H`Q?


M[8U\





?\-D@A6@EWC0*KLNW)^SZK76T_W]4P]GVD
M*/B%S<P/`?[K+52WB_8+E?1\AM.IR4B?




INTALGS*(UM]O.WVC8X$[4F]4@S

.%EX/7]4F+J.LZT

]P:




MG$R
Q0'#L<8=!?3;#$+RBM75DUBHEJ47U535ECBT]3T4

8:#

^OV**
7Y^Q6Z\MZ#OI
MA5LV'\KY1#O_\VU[CH/;TUQVPZRTK`Q5VM(5!ZF9$C[W].S;Y'QVW`D5U=DB


M'$4BYGO@=`XER1#9L
SD1$Q]!YR



(@E

L`SV6S



K=%@8Z5



AZ[[+ZQC4[FDQW22_54`]G\VZXW-3'ZFUQVE%K
M?W
U99
-D*W?IXF;'\KUL'N8W%`51.S5;'#5L+/)QBW_A9_]X(_N.74KT:



M.FR]#




M;Y2:U]\:DG@B^YM.G\\+WP(`0$[QJ=C@TT
;IIW/$JKUUB9.R8-7DXO=?GPP

SV^-
K=N:A33-;J'.8LH]2\IA
M^OU[A\%K[L?@=I*6G49^\0Z=GX[%L!_&#L(\$ZHSYZ
M/EMIID8[@894
H

AI.-H$/NZ(_FK204Y?*)%)#L[@82L+/VNS`7
8U%ZFP2D[5%E53\D@\S6[;367(
M`6(Q/])7$[07`T3[&2).-5NMP<$0I2QS7%)MU0;G!)<D&JDPFT:\1:UVI)W




=BQ<@3=^Y_A+NF%M_ZQZ/[L?5\LAY-61*X)U]1?



L








M]87#!7=M(P;^X:=8#E*@[F[1^%#`822\&OR8S%O#4'7E9U@9+J*WF=;X9T\5
MJ*H.W_=G/V5
0SJ(V$]1%A&!


M;N8=6$?BVIJ&`S
[A59'XF;).:0U[YK&`.M\-I:'L3R.HCLB-_MF\=74ZE%

M.0R[

AN!7'ZPV&XM



L6+3
K]_8K3@4




MZW




MXD^]6)EJ.1YHN0'%W1
UFU%(/)(@9_[3T/(LG



-/^9ZUWBW%


]0%A-(=G9#QPA(?Z?!IDNW+
MBMUM*41GW(8X1+0S$/



MA$`86/(YO`V;;R5[50=
?*^R*=W\%




AA


M#




M81;VZ`=6EV?P`TC1CJE/FI94O?9I.RZLH_X






M(X.0

MBE.T*^@O/P4


X2#_




A





MI2

MFHZ/UZQVHV=B&]X09*:BFHM
_4(:/M9



MIK1I[9C'P:/]?Q2BC6I?1;'NJ)7
MS6DTDMNK*WWJ*_W9;\QC@]N
UT6*'75]WNBT6[+P!
_T4L?9XU
(I0[ZZK=U

PQF/1BC-PE9[X%K`&!Q`_^4K$6X6#@E9

M?HUC41#UP;+V&*5F6!\@

/2:'HI0A@5


BG_9N@D(6!(IS`\9SP:
MH10

CH&H]#6?E^GP!V/K@X7RXI29B7\5PL2C

2N`+TI&
M3:K4
RG^`2-BX.B%0:WP2




J0;*660=+_8%
M@.N%AW
PF$2M^#^?VB
MJ7[K!5&#:_4;*9N:%)(0JE:A,.:'HI06@5



.)Z+_1B[HG


M&Z2D%


=AC9T-K

M2
J*Y!40(N+8/P^#N_NQW$ZS=4U'2=FO`)


M]V!=^



!R.1


Y:;
U
V%`'BUZFB`P.)BB
U&MG.



&

#/2K6-.IF

(



J



ZFFP4R3A&:X/$@@%;)Y'=LPW=





H;976B^+S5T!'^


M\+&X*W)

CW/&]=V*W%&T5S'
[.[.O8*77Y?=UFM






!9SNY;*R['
MV76=NX`6CUTLL0K#A17LO5



TP5I*Q#G





3




M64Z!F'HJA]4_M5WP$E&3EJ`'U!

M6RQU]5?J4#H)VHU@%?VC/JRI([;CWY+Y]TC2\H554!J7NV9UASO$&NS!#+20
M&LA]SR/A*=

M0M7;@KH55:




GYG`]B*L1UMKE^U'!/0&@F'Q!,BV&
MRQO!#G'2ITAF-$R)1]RRO/(P((=KTC




SGPG:QF
2'





MN;%@WV5?#&!E(04?9O.Q(SG&0HZ]W?AALU7+




M!6A`)K=CF[OF*UR#5E%$;;VR3%_W7(D=UX5=8C@D6A_*\8NSLWL\243/Y?+.




MJC
%-[RF-

M/WO!(+)WNIB-AYVH&]-^\^UE

6^$0*`43?1/N_?3*_MR;PY7
=Y/^/'

[X]MDT@HWI9^]4G/8GPY[
MPW9KNBQ]:[=G;U.EJE2/M+8C/:6].:IM9%#IQ*+2L4F^A_$LD)OQN0M;81DA
31M!US?Y8E8<$?%LCJ5;&6,I,4





TXA
QJ%$2JK


*V8K

MO;GL\]-I*VCAZ[N.(@_XR.:F=3K9*C&*P2K_O+0U6&EGI06A50+9/C=5F?G]
-11J7V
MN+H(U`)Y8SFEHU98%SZW:G1)`B[\*2RJ]9:;GI-&T&
W*]3F
H`/JU:D$






MF'5)=.!@$UU*#_\)-CYPQD9P=D`C(3??2/-);

M\
O+@@SX




?ABP:


\/DOI0E@/Z%5@AQ@Q\A]=K@C8CX)


M+.'37UH5P']2_RX8(^1`W!1\2`(M#GEP++E\WJ9XM^L]Q?32EHT*0'DPJU




M5RAI8X(6/C=JM0'L*+2BC2

SATRBL$N!2H95Q
##*
M2*@Y04K$JJ)0ZI=:7ZNJ665\%3^)8/32K%&PJD$-)J'JU

M#*K13P?+KU`JQP0M?-[4:@




3&F/


M7OK/E0L*



1BV/5D84W&=0@\E_.C4R
MP&AX`+)X4&\H'Q=J]-/!\BN4SS%!Y\3M=H`7A1:-












M`-L(078
D#9

NFD'H!NJ7'_*BD#Q5`ZWV.
M%?1&\08*



M%.H





MBN(?CYV;COJ






%4`;

[X/[EX]^_[K/
W`M-*.&%):
MI08'Z/%('R-H[/8Y.$B:PQP%OF9I0AZ'



MM(]&//$GK?9*^B?&
/_:Q8D!`#+0O8)U0#1GTU%PN(`]TOR-@CG(WBA$)=&
M[N_QE?+3LKGNAZO;'@^]0UII3ZE56H$@!Z/=)+7V.V3YI/F


M@6

8F6/?DSRE[






M.H\?S2!8S6X;:G:$A_1-FFF)7ZM9:D@P/2;I`P#`=I^#`)U)O
'A:Q8F-**9

MXO)N^31]6K[.F6A?IY%X@\&Q1JGHUST6Z3R?L-GKIH(C4WC!_C4K&FI1RK*9


4`-K%&SJ^9NW#;)ASC`\








#@+


`

XDY.GS-HH!&.'


MIHO2I^03F,*MQ-3@(X,40+3X^O3L2EEPSR<\S(J$P1--'J&&/1

M(Q#&?7I+&=E/8P`6%
547Z-$P$#:M4!JZ9.=`1?)PL:(\^*A[T`S_/3+B\
&F,XJOC9ZK*CYW^?X\QI<_YI0%^ZV&$7$)QF/`IAY`E;R[D_1F\$%D3%





:0_OY=%4

#0

MG*\W[=O7\-8WSV2,*-.`2HAGB@0`C]=IX717\)$1M8[UHR&L]1WT6+%0*.

M@C1]QX7Q6



M3T5^T65WJK`07IPQ3
)]H




M^MZL

M9^B


!^I(R_2;!K7@E#


MV$.A8A8`T&V/LD
`SIXH!@APAO[1P\/'8AY_U+A;!G?NH1^26#STIR3Z\'RH
X
MZ;-#Q4Y'*59R4LI




MGS=#+)Z!);O2C$:R/\C`W?1/
EK;:#DFK=(1+6*J7.&Y/P[#Z!3PU[QB10LQ
<,*
M'(BLP88.?M)XO&XNVLWA^FJQ5G]V+K%X`Q3L2AUIP?X0`G;2/X'H3*/ED)1&
M5Z<:S8][/HX3**1[Z'J%B=4B/G$%BN(E



MWJN7

7(;U*9.05HGJ%`
M/A'$[




MGKP0U/K^Z:X:=-1\9Z!^Q$\!D:.
\A%H2B_?*[:

`T3Z@H4C
IJRAA
N1WG%






27=]]0'U%T1S*6WCV
J
:D6/0=2



-!&SVPY
MX8;+;Q+PYH7E[COKFV`UZW]4GBXG(2*WZ04C



M9R=K0.$2E%]$^3LK1$U2WMS?3Z;Q7_=7CX@\95:`=4Y(6H'_DPO`3HO@+-!$

MI`*`EV35H'``$




;E)F!HH!&41@5`3[**


M0
OXUV/
M5]/%C?IDWG@JWX#DXBPQQ2O%)2(Q+E;!&SB8E-.(BFL:H\'):`422AM1?Q2

)#H1$@2+_^?E!FP`F&A!%`+8(K]ZBU*SA+?M

',_4:9!:._7B:[_QN[YHT!(*M(.$KK#`&Q.QYPW!M)QX`1`/O



M2J@^T%-NR2+W=9KX;N?L[F&=P=M9IX
NXJ7TQNO].FI2?=]
$*:#0)D.TT%I








MSNMS#.4&B07CN4XBNZ\;NN4MLNMM(@GO&E7%'?_

&_.9B%RV4WG%RTIJ/JK#4US&RI/Z)^K9_7\037T\O3
/E[W&GT,@*%



&#!4):L`
#$BGPH8&7$E9M]7

MT

M`)J02

6H&-^V29M%!W!)'2Y
M@D!
$5


75
7;W9/?J?BM6'?LHJI@S.3QCW


H`^(=(G[29%^O!_HF-_HGS:*C@`2













8W]((!YA#





$D
MEAPX0:(4;J#PDLFCVA/]&%-E=%U]6FW$C-E!R7FQ$.]+2;Q?J!CT6&_1&
V
MD(YO#'J=T72.2?@VR'!G'Z
6@(2$I.4C(8F0B_)#8F2/&&)EYDV\5^=_K2\
M9^'%N/R04IFR2Y\!$CV`R!S-_VR$&@;'0'I53KCY1RS^C


97'SF
;W&]S/-5G
M=Q\OH_X(@Q+


M1

U




=P



MBXN;10_ERU(IE,ER*1,3T7K@*YYKOF8MHJPT&-F3
6SC'G'71QA)*.*=$`



@9'&
0Z92QJQ'K*
MTX([Z#ES46L88?9B6I\S.LXQP]WD\0A9C#KI`'$(R7)W1`AE-J
U1+`R&GDQ



'(6U8HP.)-GCAP4L;]^67R^I'[_YZ?M7&

1PK



PK.
;
;\FYWADA)!NA!








M#?NY.R]H9`/D(0'VPD7A`QAPPDFF!%!G

=L8*
AQHX675_HW\9_5V]7B=?H1-7G$(!58J@NC:*3Z@0C</;]<HK6+


M=V4$(Z1M(PZF2
$WW.Z#C;3&_`X[$2
1+2`?J0
ME.M=''D21@V$$%-P6##"^#M?J)*?[S2)0GZA=Q





M.[2U;H-LYP5OG6R/:WJ&K@I8^M9;1[S^K5'JC)USS/W.A`+22KA6!4`S0G+`
M
:!#O29NCQW



MFE_6T%A%1QE)9:Y8^)=SS0'7=R=+-*B]4SQ+T+RQUT@04@3EIA`X@A.4#7

(Z]PFM3DCXAQ3
MQ6$_1ZAPFY8-$(601'$G7%#6MK4$!E9A6TYD\'+%)/[KNM(
1L'=9=0$938*

M(+$&+SR8=UTUQNK7YL/U2^_A;H2RV4HOTFF/54*DI_TA^HYYWE&5
HIP(]6I





HF.#E#9G1)QCSC?L
MY^Z\H)$-D(.0C&\G7!`RATPD&B%1F\7/%2[TP^-OW@=EL$17V
P18&L2Y\

CG-
]S9YO#MS:*4#W$DW=L1(83L80\1)/Y@
MQ@@O@URH1?QV,(H_K$U&\_$'!H,8Q+HPB$ZL'WP8.NB70?2&T3&(1I\K.O[U
M'!/`31[OSB!:Z7H&^5






LVNE=`Q#M:;QD[JCG-PW0.

M%@H07C


IC&(


M=A;$/9SV'V[4YT$/@UC


MZZG\J*&+GJORZBTCK

D7/







MW:G'DVTXB=\FP4YYWUK!GK)839WTG/4-F$:8]*W3Z(R4L\SY-OH^0LJW7CY`
M
%(ROEVQ0IGPG0





&JOH



MTL5=84)((CEP@D0DW$!AKBCX


$8(`


G7-
MX

MC

M'J$





MZ2G72M\QS]F)*:
(DQ)/=;G#X!PSV2'W1LA!3$J&2$)(0KL#'BA3#JT`@95I

$A;1
<

MH%`7!D@+]8
L'-^N4!G%ATAI+0Y0^+/YYA!#CNZ.S5H9`/\\&


MP-Q1SV=N@
81'KRAU^D.FW-

ARA\$YIH=#[NU.'G)$&$(21)WP`
A4=@!
M`HD@.!'!2PP;52\KF%;KT3^#
'C&8`9(I@LUI&3ZP0+4-;_DH+&*CAV2RMS!

7F_5
[LX<.N$0<PC)





M:

?QX83[(Y&)P

^`9R.<

W#_,PWA&;W057ZEB$)!!K-.)[!JQGLZ<ACOH^4QV
MK6&$A[*G];G#XQRSV4TNCW`LNTXZ1M\MD=,4)Y,+LU2+!.9F=&?
NXL=!







6;\7__UXWUFO.B
4'H)D.LV5)65ZF@0`NN9YEBQM





MR7`O#@51K#`A(?






MUN=P?.=03^WY7)$^6
W:\0=Q]9+VQ_6J4EZZA7JCR&*Q7B^2V^F-'?
5[2&C
M*


M#YG4GTEBM(5#.X=F*H_FBL@OXUV1CEW%\JOFQ^-@[A:;S3*+16E`)K=_F[OF


!K

HU8(+6*,@F7
MP=]I]M7;.KS[IGI:C^<*Z].@.5S'KS;QQ^5YUK^\SI0E]UBO*7P8@$_2S@W
M&BP[ZXL*LLVCX(4

3!T`?7A/S44$#`F7%$.

[%P0H:+



8)#+C8/L+OKB`J-E%(0`


%$S+8=I%.1U?Q!-7B_N.F
LW_=
4`2^G.!P#G\
K<+(<#`4KPGBB
@0824L@)!V=:8
$#%S%4@]'=_+4QOGI^@H^)+RRI

M.P=H
I_FLKEZ-/50G',*%Y,#K5.\4V;@$Z2VJQ8`U*Y7;SK.[YN(&NR@
M.J0N/Q#.*YDWT[M=`CTL'`CZWK-X



=G9H\\C!ZXKC_/W
MZV;]0_TQ**/S'R`?C?N2\@5@#^BR(
Y+6\C$=PG%A&@3DQ2-#1QDGDNIX3^Y
MV`/.N/C-#F@4W8:1YY;5LSY.[RXF[:#*ZOZNC$!BE`8[:4`@&0@SHMB-LT


MV

M2H@M



A'(\&D?`'P`[HLB/K2%C*Q

M+]RA4QNL`HW=-H$``_NN".TQK)1'-IW83X$U/%@@!'R&2GT\1_XKT?V'%1
MGC7N*%A/O`\$E\8+J/\_!]75-9X_`19\CRT2@O*5\`\(`NR*[M(5
3)=0
M3(@V

KEI%`$
)[$6









MC8F29

MF$PX)(]'(Y13Z?S'?_


D&$HU`-BG17G$#=50$V6B






9:
'@ZJ



@%H@QOTR3\^X/CAFW?U\6IV
[V
M?JE



541K=%
M


67N=


MBF`IO7T






T

M@A'4464IV-G[0?FJ/[^
WA+5?ZK7
M-PN0HDBTI)@*5PLBRDBZ3\!;V';FI]4]1;`B_3]VC:+[Y%S*YR&A0!I(:L





NO!XRQ`CP3`F1^!)!X#




`-'V7)?%9RD(N+CM5C(8MT<EI+C#!YKD&AE):<2H8N
N*UB1\!8_




/XK
/:W

M]-*ILE(@:QL)/ER@POYXBOBWD'A!5^[J_L3P




M+;U9O#Z:MUD2ZT-D.+


M_ZDO1U&;^B$#_A4H2YET:O2`0ZS0]!%%VIO)ML-%:@(1',66DR1%O]T&
MT


MJ..BJ$]C)-_[84(W$M;$U(\FP`S^NV!*$W_U:#\08WSOL\

M7KM5_S:J\9D0@WF=@-)@)8BDIE$B`G-PYT41F]9





MH!2

M^2A$$9[)6KX#;B$CL#Z!:JR9

_YQ;65`C#(+LZ`@DO&XVYR0)#KQUB,F
MO=+FXT=3_3JH/*HYVLWU58^`+V$EB$2I42(CW#G15&CUDPV3DQKQSIM^@N4
M:#'`!YT%=;J`D]YE%FEQ@QL?[UGCC8;PO`#.\X[

M':@[
9
Z1.`.[+HHEM-9R;C[


MY6D-P(+B%ZBW8D83.O4!Z@#ZDUEKQ1E]?!28!WXT-.@+?PA4V&R-NXN+3;FU



MJ


MS@91%&]M?B#ECZ?B%].?\3&Y=XN+YGH:$_0*?98S2P\6=X%Z_(
NZQ'(X3.#
MI3S


'Y&I[/KX]YC

\0FM$Q%6
0&*_(/P
R'
M((?H3*;R$!YH`2XLQ936)`

A%B7B`2$*-_)/HCR
E%
M+WZM?8\_C?O^T'ON=[#Y


M`)+]`




M@+KFESXT5M$Q1U*9(Q+$)/)@.+@[7Z1%\Z?K

`I&``H0D;!?'`2$)
M6`$!B0;8D,<J;=ZZ;0O)T&_/[K%H`&=/*<LO6-YGK*3-%WRG*%W:A%A?MZ1



MJP:0;83K!UJ5KG`YQ^3M#/]'6%
`%`!T(B1_VQTOE.L


M4T5:-



X27U[07VX


3M(
M8&T2X\




MNOC1G@YZ&


48M`.$(R7I'`A(A^^1'$A(5




;H`PA

M]'R4H=8PPO



0]%15
MK6L

GAW;E*QT@#'IXHX`



IC$*=N$9O6`_
M@#%VTB_'0*;1




48N/L0JW-1SC-'GUP?73?1V#
K*E
MNW'0;H?M&1WUR^;&.VCHQ58K2N,SC']W`(3[D1C4@(PCI$=!P
$5)/;A`A

MR7


K*[ZI0B#=71T


&JY
N-&.9Z

:[:F+:*L&YC0IDC%/[Y')/<00]'J-V8$JTGB7\6DM;N@@C*
M^HUVD

;_4D#:*CAD2

@*=FA`(@4^./!RPN4@_G-[%-;=ZN:I


M=+V]C+H:M-;?U_/N=-%=@(\B?F'K5

AFV#PD_INW9I%N*!$61X3@21I+1X:4=I;$GQ]L*47&E`[6
M*FEO3TE
M'*-TZ5`T=G=,XHBXO?.^

_20-HH^.(@I&\J)9:X1

MAIT

MAUSQ@'=G@KR`('$4L7QJ;.=B+@?CZO0EY!L_0)KI1PXIS9*#!/28SF&TH+'=

`Z?A`8$2.(JY?QA_AY7P9;(_(7O.-'R#-].'
O.XZ/:KS$*JI<??$

M].

(6I\W0*

M(X(=M\
$Y(]F8$Y.Q]&;B;=(32G6L\-3C

M4EXZ)


M*42682L'IYE
0$DFEN.DAA
IU9(?]905X1R

M(3]B1STI=&,@TQA[B@HP23NK1Z^(]@\0$J%MJR1Q4Z:;'#RA=E+=5K9O3O

FG`(2VM!M\`



10[PTAU5N
QM4FB%D\/






4GN
MZ
HV*
D88)U95#JK
=:@_[)9UN)*[66U7'H1M5([V00
M;)


M&2.U\PQ



MY/K%C*Z+


3`2#G0A
Q
S'#RPU!/XW;_\B.N
M!;W=[7!=:V(RE$D^!D-IY?L%E:G+

Z\!A*KT;/

*D';UD#-))2/:+&WTW91!.RC9ZNCE5



M_RR6TWO5)77%G0O








_9M*





&:


DB91@#X5F62!`ER]AAP&<9`D6$+#.\B^OJX.+<:W]6.D@S/)KI#G
\A]+

S$!X.P`D.KP<)5Z&1

X+P4L(&`-__7[]W+C*AB/





M(O)_72!`1@26&$#A`!X0L)Z8L]K^&?G**+R97%_UD%@@0[##3J`8^GB9@[
MZ?5$'=`TLI-U]!H=

M#MEZ'PV5]/XPZKJW\:=1PQ'3+)-$*]9-+`G?.:3Z8UBRRE+*W-`0OGEV-L


MF$%$WK0+!

M)PE!0SJ%03SCT0BE:=AJ#TP-&$.
CRFW[PK`



CH./56G)U#*@[@\

M

MG$=


ZYQ@$DW]5A`JUMN=#`]*OEC`L!ZO^,G5&L<4)@
M111Z6/.

%R7%`WGAAU1\T+L





MPORXY(\40/O]CA;T9K'&#(&%@3@`SC-J@(SP63Q(2#SP/'K(%1`81QR(P+
M*.+R;?D6=N^&T^'D;=)0#W6\

MFX\X):0.CAS(-:9&W0:$2,^6
A&!50VIQS)$!FRA[K\9T*Y9/A
A9[`O*M





IUBL.R\=&(I5S(:B_<JS7FOU.C4+!)RL:`:CTM_UT\+3M#V0\_Y\$R
M/5'+`;,8QA[W^H_CWB)XJ&_@RNATJHCX^425.SK'H18-DX8ZX6$CVWX[PPH

M`7/^.\

M(BZ7


$]'$RK
3VL:?N_82/NDSQ9&K=




MW:




MCVKCQ
*[I?Y6ZF$-`_&HJU_I?5SVSXL[EKV%13
G5XR5LI!.XF'=S^-IDC6R


MPR=N6)_1@B(D?M8[A


C\6*;N5]I:WF_UC9XS)_(.-8G-^G

M_W


SOV_AO#FAWR:_1OL:7XG.,MWQ)^&$G-7DVE:+;4
23FG^GTTU
/

P*^!-0U5.!X%9PNTUS@J
OY0/NBB_PW

ME4-!2/AP6GC1

WLRTJH?#KW%OC'G=C3L=.7LT\)

&W-B#)@/J`=:6?I%(=:0%J!50+#6Q?

MVUA]=4DVHP^/DS:M-O5N9VR&5258-M0RR96!0#^Q9OSI0:H6:=6%SAC
L+JD

(_[_.WNO@QCL*TJNVZB+9-?V2#T




M5PV!%:?CT`VPJDNI&CY[J&]7[[=&#=IYJJE,I&62:EK`5XJ1K[*5*+CJH/
M+1@AGUBY:SHGR#XB)+W:6\Q6RVFX]FA:O
)HO5S/KR%]ZMDL$=/*[$'S3V
MP$=J^`#@_^68KG%QJ]42C!LM!^V#&-
20)SB494N(M69-OA6!T=]=^A$.]4(

M^W3@V0N@6U$6U8?F[(U_^([;#0EU)6F4C;
T'F6HUTZD.@S!G*%+4GK!P=I2
M-V1B591




=2XUKYWV
M

.\ZWZ?MO`

U8%KC2
MXZ-/WQ)].^PF6B/^4@-\X5@T`;


5LF

-=^Y4YI*9F0SBN







ML5.GL:Q7M



MY@N



=JEW%SFXHD5:G9%%T@0
MH1)*W6_5M[7*L;BQ..S?U?Q)UX2WYZKY;17$9,G6?5FGI'(F4L`R7V[%55P
M-.!/.7`2],AI.H`(94(*!*

%W\)

M[72MO+B-+F3FL8]UG-CD!!3IB'*@!4W11/#SC^BS]K'YG-2_@O!SM;G_LJ;O

M?(=A
!(



LFZM&V=I)
I0KYM&`:\O:T$;/\WS



F4V6]`CX
MAUH41=7E5C;.\MZ!U^KUOP%1)RBE0%HKS:-1C\9[CT];-.SR[!#?JR29[H`M
MC5&W
&BGU0AZ*A;RY)HBZHI6LV]\KZ+\.KQUUAQ:T-CX^/;N5Y-862A+8]25

8JHWNH-=C69@V$XLN


MEK'D&O)@`J3R&']7
=H$:P\_UW3NM.7S7NJ#$`[$U(U3.X'NJ-?%(E1)7VLU
MBP):_MEBZO(QG

M=K\CCT#4L84F1Q7
MC8.&:+X'@2)I\UR1T`_V2\









M^((!]L81$KM2!KHWDSY6?CU:M1)%E.[8YA8:N@UH)5K5$FI3%`=U/[TU(I


RK++
M'M5BSML'VIEA







MZ

?YX0LEWM-ZS



M]7


US


M4SGNHBKL5(G2!J3R`OJ;3H/\D$_38).;/S]\1;:=89@/')H??L%_!`_3%(C`

M=


%$:D]6K?=PGKBI9?$GQQOP*E3C-5C/N14)



&\?8



MDQ!_I^E@


M3VE%JKM)HQY\






M-(H/T4)D*]V_):+=O!_+UV+48`X#?))'$.$/]BNPW)9MZ4WW1^K7]!;TVNT&







0A'3NYA3?.1(;Q-'#2;NP[
M4%I
KNIPYQ):R6=.X!:4FRT3&J1[_(M;\W!*;UR'7ON1R$9OS]'1;^T;%#V&

M3\X\3DK%PF#+[X42:#_\1;




MTE6)P$4^-A]R*1E&X&
MS:7#D+PP(^R==[/.Z##=;3M+D330S]$1LO1'%(UF




:+(.PH#[
MJB++R[2P$I)`#9A.`72@=ZR


/D-(2&#
O)AA'T]4$^QO[?1Q'RH2PO[73!ZU^=\!U)GX

CG++<%-P$L
MZ9KMJ`OM
S]D6]E84L_7WA.V0_]@T@NY[]BH=-PGPM_\J&S@$L##YR2=FP!
Q7G.OCF/<'/!:&):#Z(*
M5[_V4IL#/-1Z#-SY-BX#C_:
(8:MM9(U1+0VD]?E/]M.8L\52X28)BL\WNJ&

MLI

TM#C54KC*IR(CHCI(
MR0GBDNS#G9GF*(?8:FL4MCSSO&ST*CH][_[HN/Q21U4*'#WDXD/[PF7G(2
MN(73K()%H8X4

M\D+PGH7A3/D

M^Q








MMN/N6B0R7P

'T=I.3
?X6EV_HVS4LH

[L9
C1=RTM.`K=PFE5PV(.+_Q#C
B2M
M\MP9


MLC%1$]GO/)MM5Q6%
9
0V^-R.P@C-UQW17)$/LU(
*CE`Y#N6!8LFL(AL6_I



MA`3^T-IHJEO86PX%:[J85S8C)\R0J[T=ZY13?H'AW-'=0Z%!V]
MTP*<D[)M4:5FH7$)[]RN.W1Q[7DL+*=W@_T]=T6[?P5);VVOHNDP=[_=&Y4


ACR
=U]XSVSG5^=KOTH7]
8(E*0\25M!*A]`+'$;K8#$HN++A1L]ON%





M\






M!*YPDXZ+O(_1H=Q`7RB2\!LO[B19$L7QY(QW(^VAOZ6
`-.?




87_#[

`9ELPXB%Y


SRM










MJ7[P/9^





M
.9+&U-\8$J9



)MKEVQ_4$6BD-`=@K4*



^54J`^VXL2^3OD?'03.(;`/R\-_7=8_T$E=/I

MBXATJ,QNC^@V'-V^!
QR@:QW7]



XH%Y)^.9==




?B_3RM5_/B1%^:6CL=5EL;

N:6




.J
M
9I$$+Z!SR#K\BN*





MCC:0O=PK?-P(IU4Y3LR&)79\7YWQ:5ZMKTY2YV39WVG/S-K:2!AB/H-8L[^0


:EQ/D6!U

6)=9QU![P]_I@KCDPVM-NMGE.G?PVV%V


M./Y$)0&JNY`LT8VB^28+A[F9E'O@;M]@3&=7B7`S61Y*/APOZ
X[#.Q?:R;E

M\1H_[2B\23)N'O`S=;+/;$(N#C['QJPV^569[$Z%!
ANXU@B^]P8SHL#V='I
M*DM79SI8!'%

1)SS3W[LN
M^VP#NBY&%*-^[JVUPX(Z%9)8E;5P;*W(H`^-:!B9R/PSH'AUJC.R.]#)9ILZ
MIU(]R4:7/A*QG(\PM@(YC;W%2(844/9;)-R(JQ2;7'XXCO#7=*

M_C.*O;3QR*R1C)V9DFQ
-V\P:OLT7^`RPG1P.TD3NG?2]B?]K7(B)6&^PK18
M)(;F:::^LCG^=2&%Y)8_2[U]7').IL[7\F/SY1+[8'@F4XK:$3RE(C0-EW



WG7W;^)%`G?`L68_9



-@D'L



M_!I0%]


M/:_&_#L_!2+91%]1QBJS71@O?TU1:)











MS^9[D\_N]G


MRC2



ME=?WQST:QZ)DZ(@D



/I:JGT=3;
?P'17Q?8YX<K/)4')JFA



M(@



M?W:SA./%XW37ES$['[$$G1!(3=NJ=Q
FG$@V[(6*0[#(]%6
*&CQ%3E(:'







`6S#5[WXH`'%+GL
M,K+MTWG@YI]/E^T^I=7D_AXN.1O2[K<38U3!/9YR(1`$KI_+-?7^'B\^F]/X
M8R<82B\&P'3CCH.Q#)%GABZR?&)H@-3M3!H+(`XT!U$).'D#(0XSGGAI*'
M7I')*%X<,W?NT@P:G#!#&QW,6&N+.T&ZD)
8(B`

+%H.URVA+.&Z.(0-X\
M#FQ'-(`ZONSZ=

48!![GV9Q=#^##H
M12R^O8IX
:K@#DZY#@ZOJYYV(88RS+SHX78S4[00.W0(WUFQ$S3Q
X:V&8+H

U=*(


&?5X6':G*N3&
MIX]V2
7R**2&`CW\)J;-VA2@U%ODVEKZB,UZG'S\YB=YA[;$'A5!'C;$KN


^2FZ*%G
MYQ'52]-


M&%]@FT(_I!V[
DPNX7S7Z^
J#043\V9'EGDJM?38I7*/RB440(+*I4_K9$WD

SPN2:0042


YM/ZTILKU+/K$LZZ]JZ7U'(`^B?D$C




M&&Q%@RD&

4+*9B=X&_C]?




C)XDC``@S
M]8S/7


/RB*02$QAPC^55@7`:OX1L

M




T[4W030L
3+.


MWHK'TPV`0(0_:60B$.FZ?15W*LIXPEQS^0\^#R1%?7T\N9!I&E/H1_GEA24*

W
MX`B_H+2K6(
PY3QX\#E0Y2:]P-RJ%YX*TNS1I!;H$XK


M\.^R=QXM7];ETRX[=SZ

L&\/F;0Z'%Y

MSW_A5KU3
MD%JS

Q$3&$AGAU4S[^+]PPWUW=UT(7I^3







M2066*ZX%:S?LEN)]UPLY^AQ=J`\1T26:K?PY



_[VZTG%DA-


9%E34Y9H8A


2=[AZ-J2A8*QGUE6#2



MR0Y0Q#MLT8#3^5=X`?CBE8``!N)*X4\2;7:V`I5KRMH0^APTMN@QM4?*GR8=



MZ%EVV/P

\PV3C%CR6O\$Z2U2?&6BP81
MUM!U#%X;;.`AD


`$B)J/!:9XF@K?WJ]


?%GJ)P

&DBGY?-+B)4J]QN\%OJS#
=T3*2?9+#


<@R2J4S[!9
M-..<KQ'#F_X:M85T4=CX*#E!7CH^5#H/CS`G_W0[GO'W#%&.5WL673LJB
ME2:V(9T@
%P7$WT!@


M1#
2P9HK&NY#C^.PSWHCJ$2C8

+^&WG
M

M'2^^$KL9L]



MZLE)O/D%/C'EHORY9WYV+[2($:\PP]\Q8]FLI?=VS!/Z'4OSM'X6[J59W@*6



VCAS(D2!L[.?B


7
5#I0










$.UL=8?L\FWDUC
12G













5&LPR32!Z;0G_BMPXVT
B$*_.\XF=XBF+/*LM27
PJ9M\&

Z=HKRPXFNHCW)



.VG@))8


M:0@AP0+S!!O\;[$#GRGEFIH'%(]FV;&@IIK.*L.BP^&*Z1Y=O:KJ9*%'7C&
M@
!E[TK`8R_?$J=#UED:1JLTK(+EO&&9]F1AJ5=5E^!ZQ(2(0)`0T&:`#=?$


19YG
S029^^?


C`Q
C$R

\+=O+Y;U;0Q+^M_&NJ][!UW[[2;(
M



M_^-V+_R/V^&_)J#U=%@]9;GZ8
?-6OS)FUVADX\6?&;&B_=HS=)3[Z+`UP=:
M1._&6XGO+GBVV


MYCFY0/AI\U&@A&S'F8%OC/_Y+
+?'X\*$$MXF7T^%7IIH5/\@8ZRP@E7'P_S
M?SP+YA=0$PW6IFDMC1#.V'

D

#_O%<22$/&8'^H_?G^M`CG7#A%T+.QB`KBS6

=SVZ$.*NTMK9^VII^Z^AG;$(0R#RT1+E/JIH@8

MA0S'P]\AV!(/]\=CB9(V!-880AL4[@QG?$XYNYUC3P)'W4XVP#S_]2U`X__@





!E#&LX4'&D\(8'G1RGWU[73=-&]3'!.WJ^&9
G$.62\(S='&7








S\;?'3/H#*.]YY

MNH%CJRD&H



[`NBW*\#!B]XCB
*/7.Y
M
BTS
'4?W*@H?GSC6*!:/KQI@S/AA9_ULON]E?:RDC(@O=FL(E*IM'3\;&)R

3





(
M?15LF5!OY;%






MBL`BCB
]8SU8FK:N_5AZ-C#&!W:][=ZL9:!K#7UMJF;8YTE_P?O*NL0+2M[H


3







M*2!
R6*FNA.XSD8WO\%MR@^*F-N(4:N5;V



EZ&;8-8R[C
MUJSQ3(RT;)SEY=O7*:;N

2%O3C`CF.




VVYH&B=D<*AY#5X.
ME&/L\&-3'!^[M\%578-!;KMH^8(/WIC]T?O_A%6USDLFER[';T`&FJHEK
M-MRI6V
]G*IH$SV:5SJ'YF4'8[
NJ'JOZY\`4=LP@3/PXOMZ9.E$NL+W[=_B



EQ;41YE!(AZ#!7'*9NHZ?`Y:0-M

MC[YEN^A]:[E4%Y7MB9*&VDYZ2`@
X+E#Z_*
ZJ8X+^K^S?1T8`IX#@;GH;6T
M8?8:F*_&_;RISYT%F2^\
HYM


M=I6!$P2'TA+:

MK*)M2C:;_@.;8RX//'4_[76?ZJ['E(^]Z3^7KR@_4@!1OGP=PW=*OUL)-WPE








^S;GT=9C).-Q'))W_V'$M=+[\K8.QB5%6UP(9HS3-O-8&OI5_VO6E
M:X*7.K:-4I5]3T$35[;\;9=@*\64;-C^6#C#C8]MD(12GUX[N%+E;P2B?:5+



.)Z

O

MEI1J=.`2:D^2/VU/7UKF1==:2].&T+S:Y+15*4O?J)14NJ0L2322/@$X+D@E

M&R
E)64I*TAIOW`YKH_-

M^7BRK&T8
M


+G&I%2%J2]X#^1)






M\F




+QH+:&DSPX
(S
M3_$4

M4CK/




PGK7C.6Q'N

M9`:?X]XZ&;R46W.E=C%*YTJF


?RP]&SBR


ME]K305W]UW5/]WU=?\I

M-MZ?06F]D_M3*9UK43I?

JK=Q=R%2UE%ZD

M)+=VRN?-7)LPCRM2.C\T(P`E=$C1F=N6-PP=3[P:[@XFOEK2D92.I'0DI2
I

M]$W_=1UZP9ZO?TE.9+:+;HV6\B+^#8EU
].:'.]W\HE
\$$E-01A?+.F*?H1


MD]B1RI6TX6(




ZNJ!&WZ).KUP


#*;[%\UY^7V&2]?*2
B`[#`0F

M?Y^2'(






M^



&2



MR(!DW#7\&P7K$Z8T.&&/CZ)AS:.!SP?;]?05^Q]PEAMW!WV-I);U!Z@](;
ME-Z@]`:E-U@*ME=B)/'#



M6:SZTMF4SJ9T-J6S*9U-Z6R6@NT5&Y=
\_9-F_PVMRAB6JH

MPJ;@G#)3P32O3YHQCU/&W7.-JYST2Z5?*OU2Z9=*OU3ZI:5@.]]!T-OJY*'C
MH0PXKVOX[@S`NS/M-AG9KH\XE&FOY]]P5YD:B!;0M

5?5#9!Y5]4-D'E7W04K]8G

:7S[:*264Y]]R29U0DJ&$;@;7
M5+83W8?8]V%#K-M/#$R)[UJ[IYD^JI*KU)ZE=*KE%ZE]JE5UD*ME?
JPR_
M:7_::\?;(0AKY]O)%`L$\TB)KAO
)(5_VR?XI1E!(7BK_RP#2\;Z0;??=+\)

;^EN@/]GO7CZ







=.;





M`':

*V`\`JQK@B$!`9RS3K0
MTX%5

MMVK?M
W=VVX

B


)1-^$U1^8:3X*;/\;+V*4_M`SAN@/^UYG@`$+?0::8D3]#)A.4D

M&-Z]\^YE`3\GBFO[#:94)JMCPF:
NB]!:!S
]#G]7R7E=+\U;#IOWF2S1H=;
MXS
HQI36L1J9
!NO\4N0FP`V?7[GRH?\#'[OX#=T:+W9!
UKB?`TVU-ULN$X

R!W5]B5HC0&9`:'+
M.CMY4-R1/T$C10HHT(;?F'(Z3B$36F
5?@EFXZ%F0.ZR3DG.=[4]O*V'.S0O


XD)G:J#7`/YM5_`:!7SK=
*M]425
M]_9_ADK^C
HBPQ'Y\$/&!NC')U(=I!GZJ3/\AB=
MXM

MDW71YS%&E_@\Q@%<YN5=%$VOS]M&'_VPQLK`A2P(W*

OI
QBD3G\I8B
N\

M8!_&[!A
UD6?PQA=XK
8!W9EVM1-+T]56I;TL8#^%B^8O&CL4D3?0Y'-$D

M+?52*XI6PQ?.K-T:H@(G=%2MM]`G._ZF4$J?SG%*Q6=W+.0
EV`]);!_K/L!

M5=T\H#VIZ3NDJ;0\W15-52OIA$HG5#JAT@F53JAT0DO!=AY.J.(M-?TVJN=_



M;%PS_


H!1SG@6`JV\QAP#+\OB;Z6
M@5RMA7+NCI2C



M4W7J1($I\X!@:K.&`3#L@B9OCLYH7S^MYGFI$R



*/2?F9VEK?_KZ&%KG
M#_2`05Q/DH;GQ^XDU4C&Y\CX'!F?(^-S9'R.C


M2LG*F94JC,F#$J98W`RW`8#&%?44=RSM\LJ2HN*/N3)BRHZL3!0

N#N=)



=3V^(XD=[Z&\\G&'UV3


%)0R#ZVE-
I5W'F@U+N3P75A;3Z^D*1DXTM$2K7Y$@6ES


M/:8@*1M[L)*J31\\.&7.Z9+2L


!T9]@@%TK2



MW+H&#

X/S3SO0@:+@XPS]1;D9=#U]@6Z&NLG%NG*QKERL

^[:'G*XS_;$4%OGR+N-

IZ9E*SU1Z



MBT@3@UE1D

$8C*G%0VHVWH
MQQG^6JUM9**[6X33/%*5F8]9!)EB$(P$6)F3TF8TL=

MEB`T']-(0L6@&A&R

Y30A!Z.C#??UWW=-_7=9:1]JDU/3W(
M('7-9%2!CJ0404RJD!&%<BH@E*PG4=4`7I;`G]I9P;HF4=TE_9SZ(9O#S[:

M+1


PV


M.#D]V[U%

9HTM\(N


&7YNO'*E1VM$[22)_91(WBDYL



YJX
M!&=/44:/P7'*Q*5Q+



\%__J3.5PH51ZK;VU5?U]<`3N%]%)

EU(JS'&6\#F\WA?W\&2T^MA8/4Y=HB7H2Z:S7J$IG`
M9(K

6I$9FX6%BK

M.(RX0W'/Z





4#6Y%4

$'WU=?9;OHN
M$P^5I(2JCQI1(C)/




M%0
I`[*6;#9LU@%ODS9

M/DYZA\-B#L^S69A`4D+UJ1I1(C)7
9`R(&O)9L=ZP64V4


M9Q3






MZ6-5LV4^7O77HC\!_FJ

?9[/&K\6TQ_!KL86FE0!.+KU^XO.
M6*$E8H



MMOP/Z?Q:G`\#7I'M3*EB
%;ZS?X6]?1A/[\W:#V'[&2];`F/T?NU2(\#OB);
MI%+%H7]=


MQ'EZ:EQNCP-0!FVH

54\IN-C_0A/U+:M


MF2J26L;35!&U7XOU&-@9D+[T
[3@7V.@PCGKV0B^]`Z:6GL.[^
TLZ4^5O/7




M9[583&$'NUN'!09[L@/.2E'$ZZ:NB#]G$EQM^M`R2/94
NYV75_9=5':'O.T


O5!@=`4?82R&KO2%[%WYR?RS9


H5GZ&5%=B8OY)[#E%73U=GN


MB#(+





M44%1!I(5B$;'&BK$06^?8[.IVQL5V@


4AE2W:]/)124O
M=J(DMRCW(G)%8UX4N&H$A64TLW7VP?%%QU*'A]Z$%NOP4HMR+B15-
:%0:M(



XWL.S^TC3CUAZ-%M9


8LL


MN'$IV


MT;S?4S3HE2CP#[*?(AUCY5-@)%Z^@*0D`%F-1='9S04'U5H#^2:G;G\PMLC;
MFM





M?
G8/.Z;M?L/%%2HP5\]BI1

FF0(%PY(%9&`$/`8$+

YJ1
M0AMDTYPW)`NG0$.

4=S3Q-M=$:CG8U^C5HSVE%G1`6T8LZB




2R(0Y9A]Z7;]W=G?


B.6S(@E
V+)C%@R(]8/F1&K


BY69DV-XF8*PC`!8-3)6I3
1#8NA(]WM;M\`
M928&-+L@U9+$YF0;4:P@A/#5HT,5.FL'
S:XM&S:VIM7U!JA&DY6186)H@
MQ(J`5(V


MY-.#*$&8]`A/-3(UI;-





MI0R[E&&7I6`[W[!+]+(
P





]\B4L*G
3
6(+10YCQ(K$.2QL
M%=EX


'!HQFZP5ZOVV;VQN@^TZ@






M_L=)UR;OITA1=A'R$66+1$$R@`R(R'G6XH`\#*4WW4'OPG-G5()%R5*+D`\C

M#3Q18:1
:(%8EQ6-@8D([SC$5GHIP:\UG?ALF;NS3XAI=8A&HAB2*Q+`P6
M`X)QGJWH[5'7Z+(_]

=Y1F)EU;OP:=U;
MH)0)FPEYVS0J4HL0#B-5)
+A0&.0I9CS3



@&!+\XR!W]Z`XW#<L#U:S




M;9


[
+=!9QLD2A(!I`!$3G/





AYM@&9.;OTNEIW

MG.GRLTR1Z!8%C`'1.
\Z!`


6)$H

MZUVT;]:H/.#B11=ZOA%$B\0\(GP
2


&%(DJP@D6B'@$Z!N3C




_;-
D4@6!8P!T3C/
M1/0]U]_6[


M.SCLZI;A4DF2211:**-21*A(A
$8H]



.ZG3;

YIIV71\$3'15JT$E$299

M(J`\`E[O.B]2[Z&3ZQ&=]0@)L@N''.%DBT0^
H`
B
AY1@%^#K3]=0L*?W%6
MCLZ62L:16
%%=Q2

@6+!
M+

M]I1NQV]W:9`P1FRAC*T8L2)1#PL;]9QGIV8&,?-N3&[&'!^V:;29R(+#1D
M'!(I$M


M[%_[/_MKH`RUV52RZ

M*Z-#(D5B6P0N%BSC/-=PAA/#BMT;@H^-IU#9_HTDLPC/(C)%(EH4
!9
XSR7


K'%RBS`.*U<D
MUN&!8\$\SG,/*+*T;XW4O8^^#E?P#+57;0KQA9?A$,2+1,=8&!FP\F^\UT,,
M-\VN:L,]/='QKD:#C&2IA=9$1*6*1#T<:P8QWF.XH#F_;;[+DI-L+:

PW&
MD:4681Q&JDB


@E
%@SE/%]Q
M




\-Z'VQ[5NXWBI3RQ*B8;Q$@OMB?





MFA1Z=MSN_URC\I\;Q-?5WPSG\%W3S6M;@_A)@'_NKIQM+Z80-(SR\G
QQ

M[GB

FZB6$GC4?!4K(=IP9^
9@
=[X^85)=)XZ\$L/+84Y


M
#Q8]/G%(FXAE8'*T5'1`10/I%[:QT:=G.*VN
A\#

;;KZQ;_,XM/+LUN<PV;C$F
MQ<O,QRF3#'810*
/L]81!*D
G'?13\G8[3@*6@-:T8QDL4(S

MBCZW6





QK

R
*A*5F%
IJ+)+
:^_\JJ+)CJD[91F[@K






M*^NR&PO'?9TWSVX`JZU^=]R][B5*D9

MF[[:1T$*X`#=!R91/)TG9E2\@+3$PUB-E70YK!U?;8239RTT='!TW#HJLF_2


+'1J#`AOD0I

M=#HWGP6+R

3#6)&5




]UR5C+/
MSYBO`ASG:O-56




M?H;DB\O-

M4]G=AV9:JYI5L\[7Y;[DA5PLE-#C+$Z)N'S%0EK=V=Q4-L//ON);P][8FVAK


M


MD#I9&45&QR@3F

M]]NXT;DXN;@1**/
4H$9BI.$@KLNU0;IOAFP.X0(
U/##6;A[^[LB`L4FJ
@_?G0F-`UE@]%`F+UR



8!693NE

'D!8X@&
ET67`2X(&BM0,:Q8G1$P&1T7!-=H/\(W9O^
M5`%OE`!K/YX'_,3G?L=-$,_2;J$IB^,0`S('*Y9KMFEPG\NFG,T,X2[19Y
M23D+)12IBU$B,&=QD#)8K5N&:]3%V[2<W8#=[]1X`$F(P($'51'`\(Z!&8J


MIYF0(\6H:XCXT/0T\*='@O=

:BH7S%LK1&7D7\H9[


M3B:S



<9A9L#8T_AY.&J2
$:X]R!.)88]`56/N-H-Y







MC?/
11-^&:.!)/CT5FN!8E-9.1@KN-#R5:Q@D7A'@(X!^3C/6@_X3#UC-7!
MZFR[RK/.*S$0D^X1XDB\2P


M@L@BY`N+%(EP$;@8Y(;@/#L1C*!MO?&@=T2W54!GO6&
V$)DPX@5BG`XV!B0
MCO-L1']]:*


`=DXSSX
M4!RJ=XU;0-


MX3C/8BC^?C1!M]-\I2J+#970`(+

8&_;Q&J/:/G7GOHPP-QJ617RBQ1)Q\


M[

K/F(A3$7[.1+V.T+/FHT`)V8XS




MP?O&CXU-9WQX8E\Y3OT3NLI8]5_O=B`T`X.;HA(ST5U[CS:$]F#F&8`-RLKP


\-[E&;*_HTC.-)CI
C=4D

7E1_DK+F04YLR!G%N3
@IQ9
MD#
);H
MPXVGO:ZUF*W'\.S1(2<TXE^EB%_.L4K\&9O@T/-LKFK,E#P/(7`0#<P/YO7


W7XKF


M
].!L!H1
#EL]=8K8Z/
1O--7&Y^.G)I





MJG0:G


$NU9=X@@XJ+W*2#A$I

3L[T9--@Y@1V2(2
@I@5?:5R6[K!EBH
M=&=#Q5/&M3E-&N(ETR!A2+*(%`R#QW!_%LX$;(TOV_&N@Y[[-3LF&S5%V31(

^.ST?SG4\TS\EZ.Z
C!8!@;+P&`9

2XNF3\-

-K;6E^/[B0H[N*HP
M/]/`L6A6`2J:@3QIK9/.3KC?LVJ#7;PR`F4(2_DHB$T/\=P0L7A&1:R:@3I


CG:E(;2`!X81*@[1L)!5)+`U
M_=#/9#TVW*U=-Q1TG

M+XRT`K[79VGBD.H1)(8!J%P(-44[O

O
3S.
3'%XA@.
`=&X3A%
M]/3[F@H






X
T_(4[0J')/S%*VZ3-0C$_7(1#TR
M48]
U,3]92[7P3]:#7Z2K-ZY3HL[7Z/HPJ\G=HZ&-V.
)?L:E4GJ$TXEXS


M1




M%3B:[G#:.L


MIP__[
9SK[


=B@%V_D&.V1ZHQ*=


Z


M7X3388BK$0A`Q_;&V6O6CXO%2)NL&#


$%`````@`+'F!0L0LTV9H10``=0($`!``
M'`!A;&XM
C`Q
C$R


VPI-LF7+2$-H&
A*=)P
M\Z\_/2



^03S38TR['QU[
E]L_^\^___J^__Z=40E5GXEJF9NL8



8^]F;8.`\9+7SCBZ^/\41#1/-&F$C:!/NN
MIH

US;8=POR;

TT1:.[4R6%[3NQ:I/EFVC;A.3


M(P\?184_G;H$V'1O4$NJ=CMU5)9J4*O3D^O-NJ2T'NKA@P(N#EQ5S1_?6


].G
MZMB^8YD&^P)KNEY$U^XP@;AF^KKE^%
/JWA!*A8`'G&`7RB4[UC_H@O
-15\





MYM(GHO#F8LB'^\
NW#VYVZO+ZO?WJ-=FBS-8H]/M7X_N#`L'$!O6-=OXYN/@


M7U=0K_R]6#2)HQC&*59HP+0()=X4&VU3&Y@6M%=\]2S*F^\'L:`9;*3D;[!!

K?Z5+SSL$_G4-F)TANZ1LB0ZQ@?8A&Q[!F;Z%T@H7+/63VY?&
M+'SX3A+E:5F^168_X9TOQR^\!K^?!^)A=UBJ7^%;^PO!S'V1@PT<Z%I:+
MY`
6&/^ZQ


MP)9GP9:9&Q_T;



S;/AP9N)D`]L+*3'R=`I

(XI)R@\)%\@X6



MFJUFS.B/


;\0*\


MT4SO0;.FN+*
_HQCPW.FKDF#;UE.6'+RX*


M/6X0W''8)LX-+^4H7$4\Q!\LMGOT76C8;
%L[=@C.MP*1?GS


DAF:GY@'/#=9)CEW0NZ`8(+Y`71AX





M/6+B42C_/5JUH'B-WB\W+\ESSCC
-
DZN-_
]Z?!2E%H0_V6DOC.Q8WA









M8S9*9ZQ^
#+WT2VU0J`B+,5@
M#?3%<:::?\2#=.[HDNW-%YPIN!SN^.+-8\&O]1[@=/'UDB5+0S)JOSWPIC\

M$WL^^ZF

3#)&7




:?_N3RD_J3+T)V[`2HZ'N




MNA@J\





M?&)3:4Z;
M[A

#BN2O7WW9[JO]_K*V+\/8JRWS
M'

EMC3B#([6$J[I]`GM610HB(+DM$6=P






M.9FVL!)Q'3_\

8XMF1OM(_`B-/YG.7G:VF/[

O^;TXE7Z
!K[
M_]_3]9X*YRNW)[QO)LO$]2_\7NL5M![]TG)X=6X0T).9^,^,2ET1O+_C


)C_Y2*+U7S5/=?=X7XIXAC;T;:



'
SX*#[5I&!-%7E7`]J2NWE.FI*-I6O1W`G1^\3)U:`V

Y]?

G



W2PM

=,%]-HR22?U)=KU^@?
M`Y=A!315FE3)B8!KQ



V\B



\D(=*$7+)4&IR?50'/JU^;7CWDV=
M;0

#$SE2_L`.Q^R3A]Y_/BINEK=_557#`$/^3/M`*
MZG:%80J%5I'JPWSEW%





MF7N_F[

0&4IQKE(DH69^$

M6

M5'HY:.GAV+?


MP\_F[H:SBTS9+


5*\FD&
.+]

M\4DS+DRKR-29Z81UK+V[(3V1-+ATC]



MDSB1K=J%XGG/9^;^IJ
MW@UM3Y#-(:S#H6V.!_W1V-TPMMN&Q/A5R`EKK6$Y

MX_P-O7R\O]N&U?NAW@VIA?J3JI%;F.&1#S9X-ZSM!^+L-XRXEJW?=3%@!A?Y

6




MYN5C9IGGE@3!RST9DN

CZO?'Q-%1F


T!

_^/%

X

M3[SGL]*?\6'*3+;&KPF(&-+QR*D/20!:?
)ONJUIZ=VDOS.__ZO7CF1XZ9Z_

M+XVS

MV)B;V5
=%L5NB9!(W)I1V43


MB]U@2'@5(R^;]=
@?14S





M49@[I_?3AD6P




S/@V7W.US:G*!O+T(N1KC
M0GK


]4JCJ)`.M/$-IJ$N9I[O=;M$T*]
I
BD5O*=:!G

M9H^;A2_A/[AIBW@:]WH\3+'OS







2$UXH([ZADLJ1
H[&OM2&4A5F\E1FM7B6RWI2Y'I



OP*


M%)*1`Z,*C@;4HC#PK

L$)ZD(-0G
C!Q(B-S13
M%*'31LAG?DT@E:K&




M];M0`T*IDP57#VW;;8)US
@)Z;

)`JE
Y

M$J



/.\YW-!



MALX:]IA#_B`'I!*97=

MV[)0N+ESCQ]=-O5/#%#).S1G*D)H@J@)H^44%@/N81;N+`J?U8!4J/6DKZM5

X7I


=


MP=0=BU?G\!*.0G?$VOPP87$




FLF$`$FE4YMGT
$=BJ3F*P2NR




OX2ATR;8NU^N9NR2%TO$*:GX%(]*08LN1#LJXR&[!

M^#`#XFZ5
*22B=+
`0ZW*LXU





M1:8V

L-U\*#=/4M1M'Q?)N
6M3'T
]\F[C7(
$5)_I[J2]5=NK^JY$N?
M7=KGFKYB`.VN]1M`UICHPR'=6XH+A:?(XZ0$]:[QP5.

M+JQP/:]?4::N7%*K]`FR,2GR.15EP]'S+OH!(;]`83!DV1O].ZZCCGN5T4



MO0A:3;&8#L\BSCCPSC;X:XAAD0E


78V0R+
MY]57TZDU#$K





I.#B42GUYTCK4SJP/8LI6#*K00!

MA:H4

XR2^#)*




M:1




:@W`6*28].MX-XN

ITU!P`2YPZZVB;JM3G*G+2?N*+)O[Q=!D$_YE`77



ME06-J?N07\%(\*1-9Z36V]-

T]-P5\N[GGH)1X0G



MN!$=JXR9.4P`*!'.E
A+&T@9M
15QC3VY@`CPE&)/GM]LJV.M`7'8P\?X23L
M560B[/6V?0IRLT;_*)M7M/PC0I+)ZB0Z=CFB(VAYU:.,1&)L&5=!QTO9(Z
ME5MD9G0M;D@B?&%BI(HC%6U^$Y9IH$\^$182J$C[/==[$GV::(
9Z)2(0M


M(7[_G!D+EI(9


MD)

3MM##%6^]8^*=Z

3\6X-SY%IF5_=YE1
L
9WF=6


M]

ML3;YL33YOTZ]))?VH?B^1OE/%3^5L#IQ'OK+NF!9'Y*?ROJAFKM_KEW@[K[I

(WCGWU=.S_IWY?UU)BM



MR0U)@B\U@B6`=BV\KHL6YF[@[5@D&%IG+


`1X^BXCU';KUP.V<&


?

MKDZHFL\AUV[$+[LHXOPN?7QJS2R/1^BNMZ+V12FDQX1:G26Y4RT_MIB;'^%%



M/^B\UJD4'NE/#_'V/*!MZMZ$_O5H??6V&U;[[..G&;Q80-RKRPYJIZYY
MGL*1O%8;SHSHD-?
J%CO4NQG(7U


M$Z\LC6DT^$X%?Q;BX;N#C]()6R-/@_H]1G)&H9]DWCQ!2ZN&RMBLR'2X=F::
M.+Y3P1^5=_5KO_X:Z[%Z++^6SOK$0_'
`[BV?5EA5Z@J-2\/KZ:`PMR;CE(X

NDS[NKMP74Z2[9E

MXC*C'MRB%/JL9HI=#C4
BPG#2T;_F'L!.8%A11YI^5!AR5Q+8NC
ML87#/ZR#G=.<LKT*@V&=`R^L$]ZTLVOXAS!XG`#$\4GR]?-SSDX+SJR@82#C
ML&Z$A#.PB$QQXL**H9<QNOK2^.`QF+?@(:TC3XHH(N!7LU-!'(!4$L!`AX#
M%`````@`+'F!0KB7/VOG/@$`=O@1`!``&````````0```*2!`````&%L;BTR
M
#$R
3(S

T@``%``8```````!````I($Q/P$`86QN+3(P
3(Q
M
C

4````

3(Q
M
C

3(Q
M
C

)PL`%``8```````!````I($^0@
`86QN+3(P
3(Q
M
C

`86QN+3(P
3(Q
M
C
Q+GAS9%54!0`#8]M9475XP`!!4.```$.0$``%!+!08`````!@`&`!0
(``:$`0`````
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 which are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 2012 in order to be consistent with the presentation provided for the year ended December 31
 2011. There was no impact in earnings for the regrouping.


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            The consolidated financial statements which include the Company and its subsidiaries are compiled in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The consolidated financial statements include
            100% of assets
 liabilities
 and net income or loss of those wholly-owned subsidiaries; ownership interests of minority investors are recorded as minority interests.
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 2012
 the detailed identities of the consolidating subsidiaries are as follows:





            
            


                
              

            


                
              

            
            


                
              

            


            


                
              



                
              

            


                
              

            
            


                
              

            


            


            
            

              80.2

            
            

              12
837
397

            


            


            
            

              100

            
            

              4
019
743

            


            


            
            

              100

            
            

              47
483
773

            


            


            
            

              100

            
            

              1
587
024

            


            


            
            

              100

            
            

              2
437
670

            


            



            
            

              100

            
            

              158
702

            


            
            
            
            

              100

            
            

              49
386
219

            

        


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead.


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            Advance to suppliers is a good faith deposit paid to the supplier for the purpose of committing the supplier to provide product promptly upon delivery of the Company&#8217;s purchase order for raw materials
 supplies
 equipment
 building materials etc. Pursuant to the Company&#8217;s arrangements with its suppliers
 this deposit is generally
            20% of the total amount contracted for. This type of transaction is classified as a prepayment category under the account name &#8220;Advance to Suppliers&#8221; until such time as the Company&#8217;s purchase order is delivered
 at which point this account is reduced by reclassification of the applicable amount to the appropriate asset account such as inventory or fixed assets or construction in progress.
          


      
        
        
        

    


Property
 plant and equipment [Policy Text Block]
        
      
        

          

        


 plant and equipment
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method with a salvage value of
            10%. Estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
          





            
            

              40
              years



            



              30
              years



            
            

              10
              years



            
            

              10
              years



            
            

              5
              years




      
        
        
        

 whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
&#8221; for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Impairment is present if carrying amount of an asset is less than its undiscounted cash flows to be generated.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The Company believes no impairment has occurred to its assets during 2011 and 2012.


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 &#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes.&#8221; Income tax liabilities computed according to the United States and People&#8217;s Republic of China (PRC) tax laws are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consists of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to differences between the basis of fixed assets and intangible assets for financial and tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future income taxes. A valuation allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize that tax benefit
 or that future realization is uncertain.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            Effective January 1
 2008
 PRC government implemented a new
            25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard
            25% tax rate
 tax holidays terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises already started tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until being fully utilized.
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          





            

              



            


                
              



                
              



                
              



                
              



            

              15%


              0


              50
000


              0



            

              25%


              50
000


              75
000


              50
000



            

              34%


              75
000


              100
000


              75
000



            

              39%


              100
000


              335
000


              100
000



            

              34%


              335
000


              10
000
000


              335
000



            

              35%


              10
000
000


              15
000
000


              10
000
000



            

              38%


              15
000
000


              18
333
333


              15
000
000



            

              35%


              18
333
333


              -


              -


        


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. The Company transferred $2
264
420
            and $2
636
160
            from retained earnings to statutory reserves for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit
 must appropriate
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
            10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
            50% of the enterprise&#8217;s PRC registered capital.
          


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          





            
            


                
              



                
              



            
            

              6.3011


              6.3523



            
            

              6.3034


              6.4544




      
        
        
        

 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the rates used in translation.


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectibility is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 net of a value-added tax (VAT). The Company allows its customers to return products if they are defective. However
 this rarely happens and amounts returned have been de minimis.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            The Company gradually switched its sales model from direct sales to third party distributor model and issues
            1% sales incentive to distributors. The Company modified its accounting policy for the recognition of revenue accordingly. Given the circumstances of how the Company conducts its incentive program
 the Company books the payments settled in cash as a contra account to Gross Revenue
 and includes the amount in its reported &#8220;net revenue&#8221;. The Company has considered the guidance in FASB ASC 605-50 (EITF 01-9) and will account for its sales incentive program accordingly.
          


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding and potential dilutive securities during the year. During the period ended December 31
 2012
 no warrants were issued nor options were granted. For the year ended December 31
 2010
            81
155
            warrants were issued to certain service providers. For the year ended December 31
 2009
            1
334
573
            stock options were granted to employees pursuant to the Company&#8217;s equity incentive plan;
            2
255
024
            warrants were issued to investors in connection with a PIPE financing. These warrants and options could be potentially dilutive if the market price of the Company&#8217;s common stock exceeds the exercise price for these securities.
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 &#8220;Earnings per share&#8221; (&#8220;SFAS No. 128&#8221;)
 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#8220;SAB 98&#8221;). SFAS No. 128 requires companies with complex capital structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g.
 convertible securities
 options
 and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented
 or issuance date
 if later.




      
        
        
        

 those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 the carrying amounts approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &#8220;Financial Instruments
&#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:





        



 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.


        



 &#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&#8221; and ASC 815.

 2012 and December 31
 2011
 the Company did not identify any assets and liabilities that were required to be presented on the balance sheet at fair value.
    


            


            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            

              32
345
603

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              32
345
603

            


            
            
            

              3
998
956

            
            

              -

            
            

              -

            
            

              3
998
956

            


            
            
            

              36
344
559

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              36
344
559

            

          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            


            
            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            




            


            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            

              17
353
494

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              17
353
494

            


            
            
            

              13
017
371

            
            

              -

            
            

              -

            
            

              13
017
371

            


            
            
            

              30
370
865

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              30
370
865

            

          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            


            
            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            

        


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Company&#8217;s current component of other comprehensive income includes the foreign currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or loss.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 &#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&#8217; equity
 except the changes in paid- in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders. Comprehensive income for the periods ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 included net income and foreign currency translation adjustments.


      
        
        
        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            On July 27
 2012
 the FASB issued ASU 2012-02
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) &#8211; Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment. The ASU provides entities with an option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If an entity concludes that it is more than
            50% likely that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is not impaired
 no further analysis is required. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 it would be required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to measure the amount of actual impairment
 if any
 as currently required under US GAAP. The ASU is effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this pronouncement will not have a material impact on its financial statements.
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            In October
 2012
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2012-04
            
            The amendments cover a wide range of topics in the FASB ASC. The amendments are incorporated into two sections: a. Technical corrections and improvements
 and b. Conforming amendments related to fair value measurements.
          




      
        
        
        
          






 either writing style or phrasing in the legacy documents did not directly relate to the FASB ASC format and style so that the meaning of certain guidance might have been unintentionally altered.



 or a combination of both.


        



      
        
        
        

 the guidance in ASU 2012-04 identifies when the use of the term &#8220;fair value&#8221; should be linked to the definition of fair value included in FASB ASC 820
 entitled Fair Value Measurement. Most of the amendments are of a nonsubstantive nature. Many of the amendments relate to conforming wording to be consistent with the terminology in FASB ASC 820 for example
 references to market value and current market value have been changed to appropriately refer to fair value so that the literature is consistent throughout.




      In October 2012
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2012-06
      
      This amendment requires that indemnification assets recognized in accordance with Subtopic 805-20
 Business Combinations&#8212;Identifiable Assets and Liabilities
 and Any Noncontrolling Interest
 as a result of a government-assisted acquisition of a financial institution involving an indemnification agreement should be subsequently measured on the same basis as the asset subject to indemnification. For public and nonpublic entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after December 15
 2012. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.
    

 2012
 there are no other recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements

      In January 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-01
      
      The Update clarifies that ordinary trade receivables and receivables are not in the scope of Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-11
 Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities. Specifically
 Update 2011-11 applies only to derivatives
 repurchase agreements and reverse purchase agreements
 and securities borrowing and securities lending transactions that are either offset in accordance with specific criteria contained in
      
      or subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after January 1
 2013. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.
    

 the amendments that are subject to the transition guidance is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Section 02
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 8-16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 10
 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
 -Paragraph 5
 7-20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7-15
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including marketable securities (debt and equity securities with readily determinable fair values)
 investments accounted for under the equity method and cost method
 securities borrowed and loaned
 and repurchase and resale agreements. For marketable securities
 the disclosure may include the entity's accounting treatment for transfers between investment categories and how the fair values for such securities are determined. Also
 for all investments
 an entity may describe its policy for assessing
 recognizing and measuring impairment of the investment.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 their beneficiaries
 and covered dependents after employment but before retirement
 except for: a) benefits provided through a pension or postretirement benefit plan
 b) individual deferred compensation arrangements
 c) special or contractual termination benefits
 and d) stock compensation plans.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
 how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

      
      

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Stock Options

      
      

 Stock Options



      
      
      

 Stock Options

      
      

 Stock Options



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        

      






        

101
585


        

263
973


        

575
069


        

887
580


        

996
809


        

070
553


        

673
463


        

222
106




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

        
        
        
        


        

          200
000
000

        

          25
172
640



        
        
        

          56
393



        
        
        

          5
011
169



        
        
        

          2
000



        
        
        

          3
440
800



        
        
        

          5
000



        
        
        

          731
707



        
        
        

          25
000



        
        
        

          27
092



        
        
        

          36
073



        
        
        

          108
840



        
        
        

          34
616
714





          Warrants and options


          Number of warrants

          or options



          Issuance date



          Expiration date



        

          &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;
          1
037
858

        
        


        

          489
330

        
        


        

          1
334
573

        
        


        

          1
753
909

        
        


        

          501
115

        
        


        

          50
722

        
        


        

          20
289

        
        


        

          10
144

        
        


        

          5
197
940

        
        

    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

              The non-controlling interest represents the
              19.8% equity of Shandong Lorain held by the Shandong Economic Development Investment Corporation
 which is a state-owned interest.
            


    




        
          

        
          
            

 which could include the name of the subsidiary
 the ownership percentage held by the parent
 the ownership percentage held by the noncontrolling owners
 the amount of the noncontrolling interest
 the location of this amount on the balance sheet (when not reported separately)
 an explanation of the increase or decrease in the amount of the noncontrolling interest
 the noncontrolling interest share of the net Income or Loss of the subsidiary
 the location of this amount on the income statement (when not reported separately)
 the nature of the noncontrolling interest such as background information and terms
 the amount of the noncontrolling interest represented by preferred stock
 a description of the preferred stock
 and the dividend requirements of the preferred stock.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













