

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-20-012050
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200514
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200513
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Planet Green Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001117057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				870430320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34449
		FILM NUMBER:		20874526
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 200
 9841 WASHINGTONIAN BLVD
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20878
		BUSINESS PHONE:		202 891 8907
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 200
 9841 WASHINGTONIAN BLVD
		CITY:			GAITHERSBURG
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20878
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Lorain CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070806
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070806
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Lorain CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070801









     






UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

 D.C. 20549




OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

December
31
 2019


SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


____________



PLANET
GREEN HOLDINGS CORP.





    
Nevada
        
    
87-0430320
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of 
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

incorporation
    or organization) 
    
    


Suite 200
 9841 Washingtonian Blvd
Gaithersburg
 MD 20878 




 including area code) 





    
    
    
    
    

Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share
    
    
    
    



12(g) of the Act: 


issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes &#9744;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; No &#9746;


file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes &#9744;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; No &#9746;


all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes &#9746;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; No &#9744;


electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
Yes &#9746;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; No &#9744;


filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging
growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
        
        
    

    
    

    
    



 indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &#9744;


on and attestation to its management&rsquo;s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. &#9744;


(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes &#9744;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; No &#9746;


held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter were 3
881
060
and $18
163
361
 respectively.


227
765 shares of common stock outstanding as
of May 13
 2020.







Order under Section 36 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Modifying Exemptions from the Reporting and Proxy Delivery Requirements
for Public Companies (Release No. 34-88465 dated March 25
 2020)
 which concerns exemptions from certain filing deadlines in light
of COVID-19. The registrant could not file this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2019 on a timely
basis because the outbreak of COVID-19 in China and restrictions on travel and operations
 which included
 among others
 finance
team were unable to complete the preparation of the registrant&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended
December 31
 2019
 caused delays in completing the required work.






    
    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    









&ldquo;Beijing Lorain&rdquo; refers to Beijing Green
Foodstuff Co.



&ldquo;China&rdquo; and &ldquo;PRC&rdquo; refer to the
People&rsquo;s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong



&ldquo;Lucky Sky HK&rdquo; refers to Lucky Sky Holdings
Corporations (HK) Limited



&ldquo;Lucky Sky Petrochemical&rdquo; or &ldquo;WFOE&rdquo;
refers to Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd.
 a PRC limited liability company and a wholly foreign-owned



&ldquo;Luotian Lorain&rdquo; refers to Luotian Green
Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.



&ldquo;PLAG
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo;
 &ldquo;our&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; refer to Planet
                                                                                       Green Holdings Corp.
 a Nevada corporation
 and except where the context requires otherwise
 our wholly-owned subsidiaries



&ldquo;RMB&rdquo; refers to Renminbi
 the legal currency



&ldquo;Shandong Greenpia&rdquo; refers to Shandong Greenpia
Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.



&ldquo;Shanghai Xunyang&rdquo; refers to Shanghai Xunyang
Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd.



&ldquo;Shenzhen Lorain&rdquo; refers to Lorain Food Stuff
(Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.



&ldquo;Taishan Muren&rdquo; refers to Taishan Muren Agriculture
Co. Ltd.



&ldquo;U.S. dollar&rdquo;
 &ldquo;$&rdquo; and &ldquo;US$&rdquo;






&ldquo;Xianning Bozhuang&rdquo; refers to Xianning Bozhuang
Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.




of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
including
 without limitation
 statements regarding our expectations
 beliefs
 intentions or future strategies that are signified
by the words &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; or similar language. All forward-looking
statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof
 and we assume no obligation to
update any such forward-looking statements. Our business and financial performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties.
Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.






 MD. After a series of
acquisitions and dispositions in 2018 and 2019
 our primary business
 which is carried out by Taishan Muren and Xianning Bozhuang
is:


to develop and market products
 such as sauces and tea products
 from herbs and spices
 in China; and






 there is an ongoing outbreak
of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) first identified in China and has since spread rapidly globally. The pandemic has
resulted in quarantines
 travel restrictions
 and the temporary closure of stores and business facilities globally for the past
few months. In March 2020
 the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 as a pandemic. Given the rapidly expanding nature
of the COVID-19 pandemic
 and because substantially all of our business operations and our workforce are concentrated in China
our business
 results of operations and financial condition have been and will continue to be adversely affected. Potential impact
to our results of operations will also depend on future developments and new information that may emerge regarding the duration
and severity of the COVID-19 and the actions taken by government authorities and other entities to contain the COVID-19 or mitigate
its impact
 almost all of which are beyond our control.


    
    



financial condition
 and results of operations include
 but are not limited to
 the following:



    
    
We temporally closed our offices and production facilities to adhere
to the policy from February 2020 until April 2020
 as required by relevant PRC regulatory authorities. Our offices are slowly reopening
pursuant to local guidelines. In the first quarter of 2020
 the COVID-19 outbreak has caused disruptions in our manufacturing operations
which have resulted in delays in the shipment of products to certain of our customers.


    
    
    

    
    
Some of our employees were in mandatory self-quarantine from January
2020 to April 2020.





    
    
Our customers have been negatively impacted by the outbreak
 which may reduce the demand of our products. As a result
 our revenue and income may be negatively impacted in 2020.




    
    
    



delay in our operations of the manufacturing
 delivery and assembly process within any of our production facilities could continue
to result in delays in the shipment of products to our customers
 increased costs and reduced revenue.


of COVID-19 will be effectively contained
 nor can we predict the severity and duration of its impact. If the outbreak of COVID-19
is not effectively and timely controlled
 our business operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected
as a result of the deteriorating market outlook
 the slowdown in regional and national economic growth
 weakened liquidity and
financial condition of our customers or other factors that we cannot foresee. Any of these factors and other factors beyond our
control could have an adverse effect on the overall business environment
 cause uncertainties in the regions where we conduct business
cause our business to suffer in ways that we cannot predict and materially and adversely impact our business
 financial condition
and results of operations.




 1986 and was formerly known
as &ldquo;American Lorain Corporation.&rdquo; Effective November 12
 2009
 PLAG reincorporated in Nevada from Delaware.


of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K
 including our subsidiaries and our VIEs.






 2018
 through Shanghai
Xunyang
 the Company entered into exclusive VIE agreements with Beijing Lorain
 Luotian Lorain
 Shandong Greenpia
 Taishan Muren
and Shenzhen Lorain and their shareholders that give the Company the ability to substantially influence those companies&rsquo; daily
operations and financial affairs and appoint their senior executives. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of these
operating companies.


 2019
 through Shanghai Xunyang
the Company entered into a series of VIE agreements with Xianning Bozhuang and its equity holders to obtain control and became
the primary beneficiary of Xianning Bozhuang. The Company consolidated Xianning Bozhuang&rsquo;s accounts as its VIE.


 2019
 we sold 100% of equity
interest in Shanghai Xunyang and terminated its VIE agreements with Xianning Bozhuang
 Shenzhen Lorain and Taishan Muren.


 2019
 through Lucky Sky
Petrochemical
 the Company entered into exclusive VIE agreements (&ldquo;VIE Agreements&rdquo;) with Taishan Muren
 Xianning Bozhuang
and Shenzhen Lorain
 as well as their shareholders
 which give the Company the ability to substantially influence those companies&rsquo;
daily operations and financial affairs and appoint their senior executives. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of
these operating companies and it consolidates their accounts as VIEs. Each of the VIE Agreements is described in detail below:


    
    


Consultation and Service
Agreement
 WFOE has the exclusive right to provide consultation and services
to the operating entities in China in the area of business management
 human resource
 technology and intellectual property rights.
WFOE exclusively owns any intellectual property rights arising from the performance of this Consultation and Service Agreement.
The amount of service fees and payment term can be amended by the WFOE and operating companies&rsquo; consultation and the implementation.
The term of the Consultation and Service Agreement is 20 years. WFOE may terminate this agreement at any time by giving 30 day&rsquo;s
prior written notice.

Business Cooperation
Agreement
 WFOE has the exclusive right to provide complete technical support
business support and related consulting services
 including but not limited to technical services
 business consultations
 equipment
or property leasing
 marketing consultancy
 system integration
 product research and development
 and system maintenance. WFOE
exclusively owns any intellectual property rights arising from the performance of this Business Cooperation Agreement. The rate
of service fees may be adjusted based on the services rendered by WFOE in that month and the operational needs of the operating
entities. The Business Cooperation Agreement shall maintain effective unless it was terminated or was compelled to terminate under
applicable PRC laws and regulations. WFOE may terminate this Business Cooperation Agreement at any time by giving 30 day&rsquo;s prior
written notice.

.
Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreements among WFOE
 operating entities and each of operating entities&rsquo; shareholder
 shareholders
of the operating entities pledge all of their equity interests in the operating entities to WFOE to guarantee their performance
of relevant obligations and indebtedness under the Technical Consultation and Service Agreement and other control agreements.
In addition
 shareholders of the operating entities are in the process of registering the equity pledge with the competent local
authority.

.
Pursuant to the Equity Option Agreements
 WFOE has the exclusive right to require each shareholder of the operating companies to
fulfill and complete all approval and registration procedures required under PRC laws for WFOE to purchase
 or designate one or
more persons to purchase
 each shareholder&rsquo;s equity interests in the operating companies
 once or at multiple times at any time
in part or in whole at WFOE&rsquo;s sole and absolute discretion. The purchase price shall be the lowest price allowed by PRC laws. The
Equity Option Agreements shall remain effective until all the equity interest owned by each operating entities shareholder has
been legally transferred to WFOE or its designee(s).

Voting Rights Proxy
Agreements
 each shareholder irrevocably appointed WFOE or WFOE&rsquo;s designee
to exercise all his or her rights as the shareholders of the operating entities under the Articles of Association of each operating
entity
 including but not limited to the power to exercise all shareholder&rsquo;s voting rights with respect to all matters to be discussed
and voted in the shareholders&rsquo; meeting. The term of each Voting Rights Proxy Agreement is 20 years. WOFE has the right to extend
each Voting Proxy Agreement by giving written notification.


 2019
 the following
entities were de-consolidated from the structure as a result of the termination agreements
 dated as of December 11
 2019
 to terminate
the VIE arrangement between Shanghai Xunyang and Beijing Lorain
 Luotian Lorain and Shandong Greenpia:




Province
 China. We sell sauces and other products developed from these herbs and spices. Customers use these products for seasoning
refining of foods and odor elimination
 among other uses.&nbsp;


 including
packaged sauce
 tea and brown rice syrup
 to consumers and foodservice businesses.


Xianning Bozhuang.






 Guangdong
Province and Xianning City
 Hubei Province
 China.


at each of the facilities and the size of the facilities.



    
    
    

    
    
9
500

    
    
33
333












The production process for our sauce products involves sorting
 cleaning the raw spice
 mixing the spice based on our special formula
and grinding
 boiling and final packaging. The production process for our dry spice products involves sorting
 cleaning the raw
spice and drying. We outsource the production of brown rice syrup and tea bag to third party factories
 and we provide the manufacturer
with the recipe and products standards. The production process for our cyan brick tea products involves
 primary processing of
fresh leaves
 piling and fermenting
 storing and aging
 picking
 pressing
 and baking. The production process for our black tea
products involves selecting and sorting the fresh leaves
 withering
 rolling
 fermenting
 baking and drying
 grading according
to color
 prompting fragrance
 packing and warehousing. The production process for our green tea products involves selecting and
sorting the fresh leaves
 airing
 fixating
 cooling
 rolling
 stir drying
 selecting and grading
 prompting fragrance
 packing
and warehousing.


    
    



shows the number and types of production lines
 the types of products produced and the production capacity as of the date of this
report:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
        

handicraft the production line of cyan brick tea the clean production line of cyan brick tea the production line of teabag the
production line of green tea the production line of black tea
    
Cyan brick tea
black tea and green tea
    
Production line with 5
020 tons of production capacity.







949 acres
in Taishan City since 2016. We grow 32 species spices including roselle
 mint
 curry
 pandan leave
 lemon
 citronella and others.






agricultural products of spice and tea. We believe that our raw materials are currently in adequate supply.


and tea and other raw materials are mainly from external procurement. We produced approximately 290 metric tons and 440 metric
tons of spice from our own agricultural operations in 2019 and 2018
 respectively. We purchase approximately 400 tons of tea from
suppliers in 2019.


rely on numerous domestic suppliers
 including some with whom we have a long-term relationship. Our suppliers generally include
wholesale agricultural product companies
 food production companies and tea bag processing companies. Our top ten suppliers accounted
for 88.3% and 81.2% of the total procurement in 2019 and 2018 in value terms
 respectively. We purchase rice syrup
 tea and tea
bags from suppliers and farmers pursuant to supply contracts and underlying purchase orders. We have not entered into any long-term
contracts with any of our suppliers.




Our top ten customers contributed 63% and 61% of our total revenues in 2019 and 2018
 respectively.


including Beijing
 Shanghai
 Tianjin and Guangzhou. Our sales team sells our products directly to supermarket chains
 mass merchandisers
large wholesalers
 restaurants and others in these markets. In second-tier and third-tier cities
 we currently sell our products
to third-party distributors
 such as food companies or trading companies with established distribution channels in such regions
rather than through our own sales team. The terms of a typical sales contract between us and our distributors provide that we
are responsible for transportation costs and the distributors are responsible for storage costs. Furthermore
 the distributors
have the right to return products that fail to satisfy specified quality standards
 at our cost. The majority of such contracts
require the distributors to pay us in cash in full upon delivery
 and the remaining contracts provide for short-term credit
 usually
two to three weeks. We also operate an online store on Tmall
 an open business-to-consumer (B2C) platform in China
 to sell tea
products to consumers directly.





in the past
 and our advertising budget continues to be limited. In 2019
 our marketing and branding efforts mainly focus on internet
advertising.


    
    





 both globally and in China.
We do not have a significant market share in China.


 sauce and beverage products compete with both large
agribusiness companies and natural and organic packaged foods companies. Many of these competitors have significantly greater resources.
Large agribusiness companies include Guangzhou Baihua Spice Corp. and natural and organic packaged foods companies include Shanghai
House Food Corp. and Ankee Food Corporation. Given limited retailer shelf space and merchandising events
 competitors actively
support their respective brands with marketing
 advertising and promotional spending. In addition
 most retailers market similar
items under their own private label
 which compete for the same shelf space.


 Sichuan
 Yunnan
 Hunan
 Hubei
Shanxi and Anhui provinces in China. Our black tea products are processed in our factory in Hubei province and distributed nationwide.
There are few large players on the market but we face fierce competition from numerous small black tea manufactures and distributors.
However
 as our brand has over hundreds of year&rsquo;s history
 we have accumulated loyal consumers and gained favorable market
reputation over years.



product quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 product variety and ingredients
 product packaging and package design
 effectiveness
of marketing and promotional activity
 and our ability to identify and satisfy consumer tastes and preferences.




and trade secrets
 such as limiting disclosure of proprietary plans
 methods and other similar information on a need-to-know basis
and requiring employees with access to our proprietary technology to enter into confidentiality arrangements. We believe that our
proprietary technology and trade secrets are adequately protected.




 2019
 we had a total of 238 employees. Approximately
148 of our full-time employees are directly employed by our subsidiaries and VIEs and the remaining employees are employed by outsourcing
agents that we use to meet our staffing needs. Compared to 2018
 the total employees increased by 49% due to the acquisition of
Xianning Bozhuang.


both direct and leased
 by job function.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



to our operations due to labor disputes
 nor have we experienced any difficulties in recruitment and retention of experienced staff.


(piece work) and compensate other employees with a base salary and bonus based on performance. We also provide training for our
staffs from time to time to enhance their technical and product knowledge
 including knowledge of industry quality standards.


types of social insurance organized by municipal and provincial governments. Outsourcing agents are responsible for contributions
on behalf of the leased employees.&nbsp;

    
    





In total
 2 employees are dedicated to research and development.


and development of our products. We also utilize customer feedback to assist us in the development of new products.


the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018 was not a material portion of our total expenses for those years.




 we are subject
to regulations of China&rsquo;s Agricultural Ministry and Ministry of Health. This regulatory scheme governs the manufacture (including
composition and ingredients)
 labeling
 packaging and safety of food. It also regulates manufacturing practices
 including quality
assurance programs
 for foods through its current manufacturing practice regulations
 and specifies the standards of identity for
certain foods.


that requires the approval under regulations
 including quality safety approval from government.












 which are owned except where otherwise
indicated
 are as follows:



    
    
    
    

    

 Guangdong
 PRC

500
    

    
    
    
    

    



333
    

    

 PRC
    
    











 we currently have land use rights to
 or lease
2 properties with approximately 42
833 square meters
 consisting of manufacturing facilities and office buildings for future expansion.
We believe our current facilities provide adequate capacity for our current and projected needs.


companies are permitted to acquire land use rights for specific purposes. In the case of land used for industrial purposes
 the
land use rights are granted for a period of up to 50 years. This period may be renewed at the expiration of the initial and any
subsequent terms. Granted land use rights are transferable and may be used as security for borrowings and other obligations.&nbsp;










    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 




as the American Stock Exchange
 the NYSE Amex Equities Exchange and the NYSE MKT) under the symbol &ldquo;PLAG&rdquo;.




 2020
 there were 321 stockholders of record of our
common stock. This does not include the holders whose shares are held in a depository trust in &ldquo;street&rdquo; name.




of a dividend in April 2007 in connection with our reverse merger. Any future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our
Board of Directors. We currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our business
and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.




 2019
 we and Shanghai Xunyang entered into a share
exchange agreement with Xianning Bozhuang and each of the original shareholders of Xianning Bozhuang. Such transaction closed on
May 14
 2019. Pursuant to the share exchange agreement
 we issued an aggregate of 1
080
000 shares of common stock of the Company
to the Sellers in exchange for the transfer of all of the equity interest of Xianning Bozhuang to Shanghai Xunyang.


 2019
 the Company entered into a securities purchase
agreement
 pursuant to which five individuals residing in the PRC agreed to purchase an aggregate of 1
300
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 for an aggregate purchase price of $5
460
000
 representing a purchase price of $4.20
per share. The transaction closed on June 19
 2019.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans







ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 




 MD. After a series of
acquisitions and dispositions in 2018 and 2019
 our primary business
 which is carried out by Taishan Muren and Xianning Bozhuang
is:


to develop and market products
 such as sauces and tea products
 from herbs and spices
 in China; and






    
    





of operations for the periods indicated
 and the differences between the two periods expressed in dollars and percentages.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
4
113
6
829
(2
716
    

    
2
980
6
524
(3
544
    

    
1
133
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
918
    
1
043
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


Write off
                                         receivables from disposal of former subsidiaries

(5
025
    
(5
025
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
(5
837
    
(5
986
4
017

    
    
    
    
    

    
(5
837
    
(6
150
1
965

    
    
17
145
(17
145
    

Gain on
                                         disposal

8
784
    
8
784
    

    
2
947
16
831
(13
884
    

    
    
(3
758
3
758
    

    
2
947
20
590
(17
643
    


Year Ended December 31
 2019 Compared to Year Ended December
31
 2018



. Our net revenues amounted to $4.1 million
in 2019
 which represents a decrease of approximately $2.7 million
 or 40%
 from 2018
 in which our net revenue was $6.8 million.
This decrease was attributable to disposal and discontinue of certain subsidiaries and VIEs.

 In 2019
 we experienced a decrease
in cost of revenue of $3.5 million
 in comparison to 2018
 from approximately $6.5 million to $3.0 million
 reflecting a decrease
of 54%. This decrease was related to disposal and discontinue of certain subsidiaries and VIEs.

. Our gross profit increased by $0.83million
or 271%
 to $1.13 million in 2019 from $0.31 million in 2018
 attributable to the disposal of certain of our subsidiaries and VIEs
and acquisition of Xianning Bozhuang.



Our selling and marketing
expenses increased by $0.03 million
 or 186%
 to $0.04 million in 2019
 as compared to $0.01 million in 2018. The increase of our
selling and marketing expenses is mainly due to an increase in sales activities because of the need to develop new customers.

 We experienced
an increase in general and administrative expense of $1.0 million from $0.9 million to approximately $1.9 million in 2019
compared to 2018. The increase of our general and administrative expenses is mainly due to an increase in salary expenses and
depreciation expenses.


    
    





 or 82%
 to a net income
of $2.9 million in 2019 from $16.8 million in net income in 2018.Such decrease was primarily the result of provision for bad debts
and disposal and discontinue of certain subsidiaries and VIEs.




$3.8 million in 2018. Such decrease was primarily the result of disposal of Shandong Greenpia.




$17.6 million
 or 86%
 to $2.9 million in 2019 from $20.6 million in 2018
 mainly due to provision for bad debts and
disposal and discontinue of certain subsidiaries and VIEs.




 our primary sources of financing
have been cash generated from operations and private placements. We raised funds in the following private placement in the second
quarter of 2019:


 2019
 the Company entered into a securities purchase
agreement
 pursuant to which five individuals residing in the PRC agreed to purchase an aggregate of 1
300
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 for an aggregate purchase price of $5
460
000
 representing a purchase price of $4.20
per share.




anticipated cash flows from operations are adequate to satisfy our liquidity requirements for the next 12 months. Our primary capital
needs have been to fund our working capital requirements. In the past
 our primary sources of financing have been cash generated
from operations and financing activities.


 2019
 we had cash and cash equivalents (including
restricted cash) of $7.40 million
 as compared to $1.06 million as of December 31
 2018. The debt to assets ratio was 19.9% and
57.7% as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively. We expect to continue to finance our operations and working capital needs
in 2020 from cash generated from operations and
 if needed
 private financings. If available liquidity is not sufficient to meet
our operating and loan obligations as they come due
 our plans include pursuing alternative financing arrangements or reducing
expenditures as necessary to meet our cash requirements. However
 there is no assurance that we will be able to raise additional
capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide liquidity
 if needed. We cannot be sure of the availability or terms of any
alternative financing arrangements.


net cash flow for all financial statement periods presented in this report.




    



    
    
    

    
(3
939
(14
153

    
    
    

    
10
792

15
487



    
    




Net
cash used in operating activities was $3.9 million and $14.2 million for 2019 and 2018
 respectively. The decrease in net cash
used in operating activities was mainly due to a decrease of $5.5 million in accounts and other receivables
 a decrease of $3.9
million in payables and other current liabilities

 write off
receivables from disposal of former subsidiaries of $5.0 million.




representing an increase of $0.03 million in net cash used in investing activities from $0.5 million for the same period of 2018.
This is mainly due to an increase in investment in fixed assets.





December 31
 2019 was $10.8 million
 representing a decrease of $4.7 million in net cash provided by financing activities from
$15.5 million for the same period of 2018. This is mainly due to reduced financing.




States generally accepted accounting principles requires our management to make assumptions
 estimates and judgments that affect
the amounts reported in the financial statements
 including the notes thereto
 and related disclosures of commitments and contingencies
if any.


require the more significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of financial statements
 including those set forth in Note
2 to the financial statements included herein.


guidance on the financial statements.


 2019
 there were no other recently issued
accounting standards not yet adopted that would or could have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements.





ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET
RISK



ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL
DATA


as of December 31
 2019 begins on page F-1 of this annual report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.




    
    







Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Exchange Act reports
is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


 our management
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of December 31
 2019. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of
December 31
 2019
 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting described below.



Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting.


adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 we conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation
 our
management concluded that
 as of December 31
 2019
 our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective.


by our management as of December 31
 2019 relates to the ability of the Company to record transactions and provide disclosures
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;). We did not have sufficient
and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level of experience in the application of U.S. GAAP commensurate with our
financial reporting requirements. For example
 our staff members do not hold licenses such as Certified Public Accountant or Certified
Management Accountant in the U.S.
 have not attended U.S. institutions for training as accountants
 and have not attended extended
educational programs that would provide sufficient relevant education relating to U.S. GAAP. Our staff will require substantial
training to meet the demands of a U.S. public company and our staff&rsquo;s understanding of the requirements of U.S. GAAP-based reporting
are inadequate.




team. The training sessions will be organized to help our corporate accounting team gain experience in U.S. GAAP reporting and
to enhance their awareness of new and emerging pronouncements with potential impact over our financial reporting. We plan to continue
to recruit experienced and professional accounting and financial personnel and participate in educational seminars
 tutorials
and conferences and employ more qualified accounting staff in future.




 during the fiscal year ended
December 31
 2019
 there were no material changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with
the evaluation performed during the fiscal year covered by this annual report that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely
to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


    
    





provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:


pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable
detail




provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP
 and that our receipts and expenditures




provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial




 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer
 does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or detect all misstatements. A control system
 no matter
how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system
are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of
such controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation
of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of misstatements
 if any
 have been detected
or prevented. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that
those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate.






    
    




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




 age and position of
each of our current directors and officers.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




 has served as a director of the Company
since May 2019. He has served as chairman of the board of directors of Xianning Bozhuang since March 2019. Mr. Zhou was the general
manager and legal representative of Hubei Qianding Equipment Manufacturing Co.
 Ltd.
 a mechanical equipment manufacturing company
from March 2016 to March 2019. He also served as supervisor of Hubei Henghao Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd.
 a real estate development
company
 from April 2014 to June 2018. Mr. Zhou received his Bachelor of Law degree from National Judges College in Beijing
 China.

 was appointed to serve as the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company in June 2019. She has over ten years of accounting experience. Ms. Hu has served as the financial director
of Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 since July 2018. From June 2016 to June
2018
 Ms. Hu worked as an audit project manager with Hubei Puhua Lixin LLP
 an audit firm in Hubei
 China. From May 2014 to May
2016
 Ms. Hu was a financial manager of Houfu Medical Device Co.
 Ltd.
 a medical device company in China. From January 2009 to
December 2013
 Ms. Hu served as the financial director of Hebei Rentian Gaopeng Mechanical Co.
 Ltd.
 a manufacturing company in
China. From January 2006 to June 2008
 Ms. Hu was the Chief Financial Officer of Hubei Hongfa Telecommunications Co.
 Ltd.
 a telecommunications
company in China. Ms. Hu graduated from Hubei University of Science and Technology with a major in accounting. Ms. Hu is a Certified
Public Accountant in China.

 was appointed to serve as the Chief Operating
Officer of the Company in June 2019. He has significant experience in corporate finance and legal matters. From June 2013 to June
2019
 Mr. Cui served as chief executive officer of Bezalel International LLC
 a consulting firm based in the U.S. From December
2010 to June 2013
 Mr. Cui served as counsel at Michael Lu Law Office. From September 2004 to December 2010
 he practiced corporate
law at Beijing Jiahao Law Firm. Mr. Cui obtained his LL.M degree from Temple Law School in 2004 and obtained his LL.B. degree from
People&rsquo;s Public Security University of China in 1988.

 has served as a director of the Company
since August 2016 and the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company since September 2018. Mr. Yu has served as the head
of the internal auditing department of Hongrun Construction Group Co.
 Ltd.
 a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
 and
as general manager for Hongrun&rsquo;s foundation engineering subsidiary
 since August 2006. In September 2015
 Mr. Yu established
 and
has been the Chairman of
 Shanghai Highlights Asset Management Co.
 Ltd.
 a company engaged in assets management and private equity
investment in China. Since April 2016
 Mr. Yu has also served as the Vice Chairman of Tianjin Dragon Film Limited
 a company engaged
in investment in film industry including the both upstream and downstream chain of film production business in China. Mr. Yu received
his Bachelor degree in International Trade in 2004 from University of Portsmouth in the United Kingdom and his Master degree in
International Human Resources Management in 2006 from University of Portsmouth.


    
    


 has served as a director of the Company
since April 2019. She has been an attorney at Beijing QianCheng law firm since August 2019. Prior to that
 she was an attorney
at Beijing Lanpeng Law Firm from May 2015 to August 2019. Her practice includes litigation
 mergers and acquisitions and general
corporate representation. Ms. Chen served as the legal manager of LightInTheBox Holding Co.
 Ltd.
 an international online retail
company that is listed on New York Stock Exchange
 from November 2018 to January 2019. From September 2013 to May 2015
 Ms. Chen
served as the senior project manager of China Aviation Supplies Holding Company
 a company that provides aircraft procurement and
support services on aviation supplies
 and was responsible for the planning
 procurement and execution of cross-border projects.
Ms. Chen received her Master of Law degree from Beijing Institute of Technology and her Bachelor of Law degree from Southwest University
for Nationalities.

has served as a director of the Company
since July 2019. He has over 20 years&rsquo; experience in finance and accounting. He has been the executive director of Maxima
Energy Limited
 an energy company in Hong Kong
 since December 2018. Mr. Leung has also served as an independent director since
November 2017 and was re-designated in March 2019 as an executive director and Chief Financial Officer of Chineseinvestors.com
Inc.
 a financial information website for Chinese-speaking investors (OTCQB: CIIX). He has also served as an independent director
chairman of the audit committee and a member of the remuneration and nomination committee of Daisho Microline Holdings Ltd.
 a
Hong Kong-based investment holding company principally engaged in the manufacture and sales of printed circuit boards (HKG: 0567)
since June 2015. In addition
 Mr. Leung served as directors in various public companies
 including Kirin Group Holdings Limited
an investment holding company principally engaged in the financial related business (HKG: 8109)
 Biostar Pharmaceuticals
 Inc.
a pharmaceutical and medical nutrient products company (OTC Pink: BSPM)
 and Hao Wen Holdings Limited
 an investment holding company
principally engaged in the manufacture and trading of biomass fuel in China (HKG: 8019). Mr. Leung earned his Bachelor of Commerce
in Accounting and Finance from Deakin University in Victoria
 Australia. He is a Certified Public Account in both Hong Kong and
Australia.

 has served as a director of the Company
since March 2020. She has been practicing commercial law as an attorney with Hubei Kaicheng Law Office since November 2019. Prior
to that
 she served as a legal counsel to Xianning High-Tech Industrial Zone
 a municipal government authority providing infrastructure
and resources to high-tech companies
 from November 2016 to November 2019. From October 2015 to November 2016
 Ms. Cao worked
as a compliance officer at Qingdao Inter-Credit Group Wuhan Branch
 a business consulting company. Ms. Cao received her LL.B.
degree from Hankou College and an LL.M. degree from Central China Normal University



directors
 officers and any other person pursuant to which any director was selected to serve as a director or officers of our
company. Directors are elected until their successors are duly elected and qualified. Our executive officers are appointed by our
Board and serve at their discretion. There are no family relationships among our directors or officers.




of the members of our Board attended more than 75% of the total number of meetings held by our Board and the committees on which
each director served during fiscal year 2019.









    
    
our accounting
 auditing
 and financial reporting processes; 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



 Yang Cao and Chao Chen
 all of whom are independent
directors under SEC rules and the rules of NYSE American
 are currently serving as members of the Audit Committee. Mr. Leung is
the chairman of the Audit Committee and is our audit committee financial expert.


 a copy of
which is available on our website at www.planetgreenholdings.com
 and a printed copy of which is available to any stockholder requesting
a copy by writing to: Planet Green Holdings Corp.
 c/o Board of Director Office
 Suite 200
 9841 Washingtonian Blvd
 Gaithersburg
MD 20878. During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2019
 our Audit Committee held 5 meetings.






to assist our Board in discharging its responsibilities






to assist our Board in developing succession plans for



to administer our stock and incentive compensation plans




King Fai Leung and Yang Cao. Ms. Chen is the chairman of the Compensation Committee. All current members of the Compensation Committee
are independent directors
 and all past members were independent directors at all times during their service on such Committee.
None of the past or present members of our Compensation Committee are present or past employees or officers of the Company or any
of our subsidiaries. No member of the Compensation Committee has had any relationship with us requiring disclosure under Item 404
of Regulation S-K. None of our executive officers serves on the Board of Directors or compensation committee of a company that
has an executive officer that serves on our Board of Directors or Compensation Committee.


to another committee
 individual director or member of management.


special meetings as needed. The Compensation Committee meetings may be called by the Committee chairman
 the Chairman of the Board
of Directors or a majority of Committee members. The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer also provide recommendations
to the Compensation Committee relating to compensation of other executive officers. The Compensation Committee held five meetings
in fiscal year 2019.


    
    






Directors in identifying individuals qualified to become our directors and in determining the composition of the Board of Directors
and its committees. The Nominating and Corporate Governance is responsible for
 among other things:


to make recommendations to the Board of Directors with



to make recommendations to the Board of Directors on



to review the qualifications of potential candidates



to make recommendations to the Board of Directors on



to seek and identify a qualified director nominee
 in
the event that a director vacancy occurs
 to be recommended to the Board of Directors for either appointment by the Board of Directors




are Yang Cao
 Chao Chen and King Fai Leung. Ms. Cao is the chairman of the Compensation Committee. During the fiscal year 2019
our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held five meetings.




writing to: Planet Green Holdings Corp.
 c/o Board of Director Office
 Suite 200
 9841 Washingtonian Blvd
 Gaithersburg
 MD 20878.
Any such proposal shall contain the name
 holdings of our securities and contact information of the person making the nomination;
the candidate&rsquo;s name
 address and other contact information; any direct or indirect holdings of our securities by the nominee;
any information required to be disclosed about directors under applicable securities laws and/or stock exchange requirements; information
regarding related party transactions with our company and/or the stockholder submitting the nomination; any actual or potential
conflicts of interest; the nominee&rsquo;s biographical data
 current public and private company affiliations
 employment history and
qualifications and status as &ldquo;independent&rdquo; under applicable securities laws and stock exchange requirements. Nominees
proposed by stockholders will receive the same consideration as other nominees.




 or in the past year has
served
 as a member of the Board of Directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on
our Board of Directors.




directors
 executive officers
 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer and principal accounting
officer
 and employees. The Code of Ethics addresses
 among other things
 honesty and ethical conduct
 conflicts of interest
 compliance
with laws
 regulations and policies
 including disclosure requirements under the federal securities laws
 confidentiality
 trading
on inside information
 and reporting of violations of the code. The Code of Ethics is available on our website at http://www.planetgreenholdings.com
and a copy of the Code of Ethics is available to any stockholder requesting a copy by writing to: Planet Green Holdings Corp.
c/o Board of Director Office
 Suite 200
 9841 Washingtonian Blvd
 Gaithersburg
 MD 20878. We intend to disclose on our website
in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations
 amendments to
 or waivers from
 our Code of Ethics.




 there are no material proceedings
to which any of our directors and officers or affiliates of the Company is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest
adverse to the Company.


    
    








of compensation earned by our named executive officers during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018 for services provided
to us and our subsidiaries and VIEs. None of our current executive officers earned compensation that exceeded $100
000 during the
fiscal years ended December 31
 2019 or 2018.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
96
000
    
    
    
    
96
000


 Chief Executive Officer and Director
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
48
000
    
    
    
    
48
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
96
000
    
    
    
    
96
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
16
154
    
    
    
    
16
154


 Former Chief Executive Officer 
    
16
154
    
    
    
    
16
154

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
16
154
    
    
    
    
16
154

    
    
16
154
    
    
    
    
16
154

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
16
154
    
    
    
    
16
154

    
    
16
154
    
    
    
    
16
154



 2019
 the Board appointed Lili Hu to serve as the
Chief Financial Officer. Pursuant to the employment agreement with Ms. Hu
 we are obligated to pay Ms. Hu a compensation of $48
000
per year.


 2019
 the Board appointed Daqi Cui to serve as the
Chief Operating Officer. Pursuant to the employment agreement with Mr. Cui
 we are obligated to pay Mr. Cui a compensation of $96
000
per year.


 2019
 the Board appointed Bin Zhou
as a member of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer
 respectively. Pursuant to the employment agreement with Mr. Zhou
 we
are obligated to pay Mr. Zhou a compensation of $96
000 per year.


 2018
 the Board appointed Yu Li as the Chief
Financial Officer. Pursuant to the employment agreement with Ms. Li
 we are obligated to pay Ms. Li a compensation of $16
154
per year. Ms. Li resigned on June 24
 2019.&nbsp;


 2018
 the Board appointed Hongxiang Yu to serve
as the Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company. Pursuant to the employment agreement with Mr. Yu
 we are obligated
to pay Mr. Yu a compensation of $16
154 per year. Mr. Yu resigned on October 25
 2019.


 2017
 the Board appointed Yimin Jin as a member
of the Board and the Chief Strategic Officer. Pursuant to the employment agreement with Mr. Jin
 we are obligated to pay Mr. Jin
a compensation of $16
154 per year. Mr. Jin resigned on May 14
 2019.


    
    


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 


ownership of our common stock as of May 13
 2020 (i) by each person who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our
common stock; (ii) by each of our named executive officers and directors and (iii) by all of our officers and directors as a group.
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC that deem shares to be beneficially owned by any person
who has voting or investment power with respect to such shares. Except as otherwise indicated
 the persons listed below have advised
us that they have direct sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares listed as owned by them.


 the address of each of the persons set
forth below is c/o Planet Green Holdings Corp.
 Suite 200
 9841 Washingtonian Blvd
 Gaithersburg
 MD 20878.


 percentage ownership is based on 9
227
765
shares of our common stock outstanding as of May 13
 2020.





Name
    and title of beneficial owner


    ownership
    
    class

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
800
000
    

    
700
000
    

    
650
000
    

    
560
000
    

    
    
    

Executive
    Officers
 Directors and Director Nominees
    
    

Bin Zhou
 Chairman
    Chief Executive Officer and Director 
972
000
    

Lili Hu
 Chief Financial Officer
    
    

Daqi Cui
 Chief Operating Officer
    
    

Hongxiang Yu
 Director
1
176
471
    

Chao Chen
 Director
    
    

King Fai Leung
 Director
    
    

Yang Cao
 Director
    
    

All
    executive officers
 directors and director nominees as a group (seven individuals)
2
148
471
    




    
On February 10
 2020
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Mengru Xu and Zhichao Du
 pursuant to which Ms. Xu and Mr. Du agreed to invest an aggregate of $3.51 million in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of 1
350
000 shares of common stock
 representing a purchase price of approximately $2.60 per share. On February 28
 2020
 the Company closed the transaction. 

    
    

    
972
000 shares of common stock
 which were acquired on May 14
 2019 in exchange for Bin Zhou&rsquo;s 90% equity ownership in Xianning Bozhuang
 pursuant to a share exchange agreement
 dated as of May 9
 2019. 

    
    

    
On August 8
 2018
 the Company entered into an amended and restated securities purchase agreement with Hongxiang Yu
 pursuant to which Mr. Yu agreed to invest an aggregate of $5 million in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of 1
176
471 shares of common stock
 representing a purchase price of approximately $4.25 per share (taking into account the reverse stock split subsequently effected by the Company). On October 16
 2018
 the Company closed the transaction. 



    
    





change in control of us.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE




 2019
 Bin Zhou
 the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Company acquired 972
000 shares of common stock
 in exchange for Mr. Zhou&rsquo;s 90% equity ownership in Xianning Bozhuang
pursuant to a share exchange agreement
 dated as of May 9
 2019.


As
of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the outstanding balance of $2
003
390 and $Nil due to Mr. Bin Zhou
 Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Company
 respectively
 was advances for working capital of the Company which were due on March 30
 2020
 non-interest
bearing
 and unsecured

 2020.





transactions required to be disclosed under SEC rules are to be reviewed by the Audit Committee.




Board of Directors be independent. An &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; is defined generally as a person other than an officer or
employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company&rsquo;s
board of directors
 would interfere with the director&rsquo;s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Our Board of Directors has determined that Chao Chen
 King Fai Leung
 Yang Cao are &ldquo;independent directors&rdquo;
as defined in the NYSE American listing standards and applicable SEC rules.




 P.C. is the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting
firm for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2018 and 2019 and the accounting fees in each such period were $140
000 and $160
000.
Such fees related to audit services provided by WWC
 P.C. No audit-related or tax services were provided by WWC
 P.C. during such
periods.


    
    




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 




Statements&rdquo; beginning on page F-1 of this annual report on Form 10-K.






    
    

    
    

    
Articles of Incorporation of the registrant
 as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 15
 2009. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form S-3 filed on January 29
 2010.

    
    

    
Certificate of Amendment of the registrant
 as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on September 28
 2018. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on October 2
 2018.

    
    

    
Bylaws of the registrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form S-3 filed on January 29
 2010.

    
    

    
Description of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended

    
    

    
Consultation and Service Agreement
 dated September 27
 2018
 by and between Shanghai Xunyang Interment Technology Co.
 Ltd. and Taishan Muren Farming Co.
 Ltd. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K filed on April 16
 2019.

    
    

    
Business Cooperation Agreement
 dated September 27
 2018
 by and between Shanghai Xunyang Interment Technology Co.
 Ltd. and Taishan Muren Farming Co.
 Ltd. &nbsp;Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K filed on April 16
 2019.

    
    

    
Equity Pledge Agreement
 dated September 27
 2018
 by and among Shanghai Xunyang Interment Technology Co.
 Ltd.
 Shenzhen Jiamingrui Xinnong Co.
 Ltd. and Taishan Muren Farming Co.
 Ltd. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the registrant&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K filed on April 16
 2019.

    
    

    
Equity Option Agreement
 dated September 27
 2018
 by and among Shanghai Xunyang Interment Technology Co.
 Ltd.
 Shenzhen Jiamingrui Xinnong Co.
 Ltd. and Taishan Muren Farming Co.
 Ltd. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the registrant&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K filed on April 16
 2019.

    
    

    
Voting Rights Proxy and Financial Supporting Agreement
 dated September 27
 2018
 by and among Shenzhen Jiamingrui Xinnong Co.
 Ltd.
 Shanghai Xunyang Interment Technology Co.
 Ltd. and Taishan Muren Farming Co.
 Ltd. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the registrant&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K filed on April 16
 2019.

    
    

    
Share Exchange Agreement
 dated as of May 9
 2019
 by and among Planet Green Holdings Corp.
 Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd.
 Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd. and sellers named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 15
 2019.

    
    

    
Lock-Up Agreement
 dated as of May 14
 2019
 by and among Planet Green Holdings Corp. and the persons named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit. 10.2 to the registrant&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 15
 2019.

    
    

    
Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement
 dated as of May 14
 2019
 by and among Planet Green Holdings Corp.
 Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd.
 Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd. and the persons named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 15
 2019.

    
    

    
Consultation and Service Agreement
 dated as of May 14
 2019
 by and between Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd. and Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 15
 2019.



    
    




    
    

    
    

    
Business Cooperation Agreement
 dated as of May 14
 2019
 by and between Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd. and Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 15
 2019.

    
    

    
Equity Pledge Agreement
 dated as of May 14
 2019
 by and among Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd.
 Bin Zhou
 Wuyuan Zuo
 Gongwei Lu and Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 15
 2019.

    
    

    
Equity Option Agreement
 dated as of May 14
 2019
 by and among Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd.
 Bin Zhou
 Wuyuan Zuo
 Gongwei Lu and Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 15
 2019.

    
    

    
Voting Rights Proxy and Financial Supporting Agreement
 dated as of May 14
 2019
 by and among Bin Zhou
 Wuyuan Zuo
 Gongwei Lu
 Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd. and Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 15
 2019.

    
    

    
Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated as of June 17
 2019
 by and among Planet Green Holdings Corp. and the purchasers named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on June 21
 2019.

    
    

    
Employment Agreement
 dated as of October 25
 2019
 by and between Planet Green Holdings Corp. and Bin Zhou. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on October 30
 2019.

    
    

    
Consultation and Service Agreement
 dated as of December 20
 2019
 by and between Lucky Sky Petrochemical and Taishan Muren&nbsp;
 

    
    

    
Business Cooperation Agreement
 dated as of December 20
 2019
 by and between Lucky Sky Petrochemical and Taishan Muren

    
    

    
Equity Pledge Agreement
 dated as of December 20
 2019
 by and among Lucky Sky Petrochemical
 Shenzhen Jiamingrui New Agriculture Co.
 Ltd. and Taishan Muren

    
    

    
Equity Option Agreement
 dated as of December 20
 2019
 by and among Lucky Sky Petrochemical
 Shenzhen Jiamingrui New Agriculture Co.
 Ltd. and Taishan Muren

    
    

    
Voting Rights Proxy and Financial Supporting Agreement
 dated as of December 20
 2019
 by and among Lucky Sky Petrochemical
 Shenzhen Jiamingrui New Agriculture Co.
 Ltd. and Taishan Muren

    
    

    
    
Consultation and Service Agreement
 dated as of December 20
 2019
 by and between Lucky Sky Petrochemical and Xianning Bozhuang

    
    
    

    
    
Business Cooperation Agreement
 dated as of December 20
 2019
 by and between Lucky Sky Petrochemical and Xianning Bozhuang

    
    
    

    
    
Equity Pledge Agreement
 dated as of December 20
 2019
 by and among Lucky Sky Petrochemical
 Bin Zhou
 Wuyuan Zuo
 Gongwei Lu and Xianning Bozhuang

    
    
    

    
    
Equity Option Agreement
 dated as of December 20
 2019
 by and among Lucky Sky Petrochemical
 Bin Zhou
 Wuyuan Zuo
 Gongwei Lu and Xianning Bozhuang

    
    
    

    
    
Voting Rights Proxy and Financial Supporting Agreement
 dated as of December 20
 2019
 by and among Lucky Sky Petrochemical
 Bin Zhou
 Wuyuan Zuo
 Gongwei Lu and Xianning Bozhuang

    
    
    

    
    
Consultation and Service Agreement
 dated as of December 20
 2019
 by and between Lucky Sky Petrochemical and Shenzhen Lorain

    
    
    

    
    
Business Cooperation Agreement
 dated as of December 20
 2019
 by and between Lucky Sky Petrochemical and Shenzhen Lorain

    
    
    

    
    
Equity Pledge Agreement
 dated as of December 20
 2019
 by and among Lucky Sky Petrochemical
 Mingyue Cai and Shenzhen Lorain

    
    
    

    
    
Equity Option Agreement
 dated as of December 20
 2019
 by and among Lucky Sky Petrochemical
 Mingyue Cai and Shenzhen Lorain

    
    
    

    
    
Voting Rights Proxy and Financial Supporting Agreement
 dated as of December 20
 2019
 by and among Lucky Sky Petrochemical
 Mingyue Cai 




    
    




    
    

    
    

    
Business Ethics Policy and Code of Conduct
 adopted on April 30
 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the registrant&rsquo;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 9
 2007.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    

    
Certification of Chief Financial Officer
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 *

    
    

    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    

    
Certification of Chief Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    







    
    





Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly
authorized.



    
    

    
    

Date: May 13
 2020
    
    

    
    
Bin Zhou
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
(Principal Executive Officer)

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
        
Lili Hu
 Chief Financial Officer
        



of 1934
 this annual report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Bin Zhou
    
and
    Chairman
    
May 13
 2020

    
    
(Principal Executive
    Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Lili Hu
    
(Principal Financial
    Officer and
    
May 13
 2020

    
    
Principal Accounting
    Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Hongxiang Yu
    
    
    
May 13
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Chao Chen
    
    
    
May 13
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    King Fai Leung
    
    
    
May 13
 2020

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Yang Cao
    
    
    
May 13
 2020

    
    
    
    
    



    
    







 2019 AND 2018





    
        
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    





REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM











balance sheets of Planet Green Holdings Corp. (the Company) as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 and the related consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive income
 changes in shareholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for the two year period ended December
31
 2019
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion
 the financial statements
present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the two year period ended December 31
 2019
 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.




of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.




 P.C.





 California

 2020




    
    



AUDITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
AS OF DECEMBER 31
 2019 AND 2018
(Stated in US Dollars)




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
403
323
1
062
643


 net
1
116
211
6
528
072

    
1
946
548
    

    
7
414
066
7
381
785

    
275
288
16
316

    
2
162
2
208

    
18
157
598
14
991
024

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
4
972
700
1
371
518


 net
1
533
927
    


 net
834
337
846
441

    
1
454
1
477

    
398
082
    

    
25
898
098
17
210
460

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
136
044
    

    
952
520
579
228

    
106
423
155
135

    
1
489
665
496
799

    
52
722
3
499

    
2
027
729
78
656

    
24
761
    

    
    
8
607
813

    
4
789
864
9
921
130

    
    
    

    
373
728
    

    
    
    

    
5
163
592
9
921
130

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 7
877
765 and 5
497
765 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2019 and 2018
 respectively
7
878
5
498

    
85
803
421
74
739
031

    
    
2
810
953

    
(73
280
734
(79
038
883

    
8
203
941
9
792
283

    
    
(1
019
552

    
20
734
506
7
289
330

    
25
898
098
17
210
460




Statements


    
    



AUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2019 AND 2018
(Stated in US Dollars)




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
113
077
6
828
887

    
2
979
728
6
524
228

    
1
133
349
304
659

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
40
293
14
409

    
1
918
455
874
675

    
1
958
748
889
084

    
    
    

    
(825
399
(584
425

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(9
742
    

    
29
145
11
877

    
(5
808
    

    

(5
025
034
    

    
    
423
338

    
(5
011
253
435
344

    
    
    

    
(5
836
652
(149
081

    
    
    

    
    
164
384

    
    
    

    
(5
836
652
(313
465

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(24
049
343


 net of taxes
8
783
848
41
194
029


 net of taxes
8
783
848
17
144
686

    
    
    

    
2
947
196
16
831
221

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
947
196
20
589
664

    
    
(3
758
443

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
588
342
(3
796
445

    
1
358
854
13
034
776

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
897
710
2
978
233




Statements


    
    


PLANET GREEN HOLDINGS
CORP.


 2019 and 2018



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
of
    Shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 January 1
 2018
1
530
980
1
531
57
888
993
25
103
354
(99
628
547
13
588
726
(7
745
353
(10
791
296

Rounding from reverse
    split
1
843
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
16
831
221
    
    
16
831
221

    
400
000
    
1
399
600
    
    
    
    
1
400
000

Issuance of common stock
    for cash
3
564
942
3
565
15
450
438
    
    
    
    
15
454
003

    
    
    
    
(22
292
401
    
    
7
745
353
(14
547
048

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
738
891
2
738
891

Allocation to non-controlling
    interests
    
    
    
    
3
758
443
    
(3
758
443
    

Foreign
    currency translation adjustment
    
    
    
    
    
(3
796
443
    
(3
796
443

Balance
 December
    31
 2018
5
497
765
5
498
74
739
031
2
810
953
(79
038
883
9
792
283
(1
019
552
7
289
330

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 January
    1
 2019
5
497
765
5
498
74
739
031
2
810
953
(79
038
883
9
792
283
(1
019
552
7
289
330

    
    
    
    
    
2
947
196
    
    
2
947
196

    
1
080
000
1
080
4
783
212
    
    
    
    
4
784
292

Issuance of common stock
    for cash
1
300
000
1
300
5
458
700
    
    
    
    
5
460
000

Allocation to non-controlling
    interests
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(2
810
953
2
810
953
    
1
019
552
1
019
552

    
    
    
822
478
    
    
    
    
822
478

Foreign
    currency translation adjustment
    
    
    
    
    
(1
588
342
    
(1
588
342

Balance
 December
    31
 2019
7
877
765
7
878
85
803
421
    
(73
280
734
8
203
941
    
20
734
506



Statements


    
    



AUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2019 AND 2018
(STATED IN US DOLLARS)




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
947
196
16
831
221

    
(8
783
848
(41
145
631

    

5
025
034
    

    
    
24
049
343

    
    
(423
338

    

504
786
    

    
13
319
59
821

    
742
482
733
370

    
(19
960
(6
416
399

    
    
    

    
(442
021
21
548

    
(49
363
(7
657
937

    
(3
876
581
(205
279

    
(3
938
942
(14
153
281

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(582
303
(490
694

    
62
274
    

    
    
(1
534

    
(520
029
(492
228

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
9
746
712
15
454
005

    
137
612
    

    
(1
108
584
    

    
2
015
916
32
977

    
10
791
656
15
486
982

    
    
    

    
6
332
685
841
473

    
    
    

    
(8
892
131
958

    
    
    

    
1
079
530
89
212

    
    
    

    
7
403
323
1
062
643

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
9
742
    

    
    
    




Statements


    
    



NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2019 AND 2018
(Stated in US Dollars)



    
    

    
    

    
Planet Green Holdings Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;PLAG&rdquo;)
 a Nevada corporation
 engages in the business of growing
 developing
 manufacturing
 and marketing fresh foods
 spices
 convenience foods and tea products through its subsidiaries and VIEs in China.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
        

        and these notes in accordance to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). The Company
        maintains its general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the assets
 liabilities
 and results of operations of the Company
 and its subsidiaries
 which are listed below:




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
000

    
    
    
1
277


 Ltd.
    
    
14
242
782


 Ltd.
    
    
1
913
049


 Ltd.
    
    
80
000


 Ltd.
    
    
6
277
922



balances and transactions in preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Ownership interests of subsidiaries
that the Company does not wholly-own are accounted for as non-controlling interests.


 2018
 the Company incorporated Planet
Green Holdings Corporation
 a limited company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. On September 27
 2018
 the Company acquired
Lucky Sky HK and Shanghai Xunyang
 a wholly foreign-owned enterprise incorporated in Shanghai
 China. The formation and acquisition
of these companies was to implement the Company&rsquo;s restructuring plans.


 2019
 through Lucky Sky HK
 the Company
established Lucky Sky Petrochemical
 a wholly foreign-owned enterprise incorporated in Xianning City
 Hubei Province
 China.


 2019
 we sold 100% of equity interest
in Shanghai Xunyang




finance their activities without additional financial support from other parties or whose equity holders lack adequate decision-making
ability. Any VIE with which the Company is involved must be evaluated to determine the primary beneficiary of the risks and rewards
of the VIE. Management makes ongoing reassessments of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary.&nbsp;


 2018
 through Shanghai Xunyang
Internet Technology Co. Ltd.
 the Company entered into exclusive arrangements with Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.
 Luotian Lorain Co.
Ltd.
 Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 Taishan Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd.
 and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. and
its shareholders that give the Company the ability to substantially influence Shenzhen Lorain&rsquo;s daily operations and financial
affairs and appoint its senior executives. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of these companies and it consolidates
its accounts as a VIE.


 2019
 the Company entered into a&nbsp;Share
Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;)&nbsp;with Bin Zhou
 Wuyuan Zuo
 Gongwei Lu (collectively &ldquo;Sellers&rdquo;)
and Xianning BoZhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;BoZhuang&rdquo;)
 a company incorporated in China engaging in the sale of
tea products. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement
 Planet Green Holdings Corporation shall issue an aggregate of 1
080
000 shares
of Planet Green Holdings Corporation&rsquo;s common stock to the BoZhuang Shareholders
 in exchange for BoZhuang Shareholders&rsquo;
agreement to enter into
 and their agreement to cause BoZhuang to enter into
 certain VIE Agreements (the &ldquo;BoZhuang VIE
Agreements&rdquo;) with Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd. WFOE
 through which Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology
Co.
 Ltd. WFOE shall have the right to control
 manage and operate BoZhuang in return for a service fee approximately equal to
100% of BoZhuang&rsquo;s net income (&ldquo;Acquisition&rdquo;). On May 14
 2019
 Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd.
WFOE
 the Company&rsquo;s subsidiary
 entered into a series of VIE Agreements with BoZhuang and the BoZhuang Shareholders. The
VIE Agreements&nbsp;are designed to provide Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd WFOE with the power
 rights and obligations
equivalent in all material respects to those it would possess as the sole equity holder of BoZhuang
 including absolute rights
to control the management
 operations
 assets
 property and revenue of BoZhuang. The Acquisition closed on May 14
 2019. Starting
on May 14
 2019
 the Company&rsquo;s business activities added the production line of green tea and black tea and sales of tea
products
 of which business activities are carried out in Xianning City
 Huibei Province
 PRC. The Company is considered the primary
beneficiary of these operating companies and it consolidates their accounts as VIEs.


 2019
 through Shanghai Xunyang
 the Company
entered into a series of VIE agreements with Xianning Bozhuang and its equity holders to obtain control and become the primary
beneficiary of Xianning Bozhuang. The Company consolidated Xianning Bozhuang&rsquo;s accounts as its VIE.


 2019
 through Lucky Sky Petrochemical
the Company entered into exclusive VIE agreements with Taishan Muren
Xianning Bozhuang and Shenzhen Lorain and their shareholders
that give the Company the ability to substantially influence those companies&rsquo; daily operations and financial affairs and appoint
their senior executives. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of these operating companies and it consolidates their
accounts as VIEs.




WFOE has the exclusive right to provide consultation and services to the operating entities in China in the area of business management
human resource
 technology and intellectual property rights. WFOE exclusively owns any intellectual property rights arising from
the performance of this Consultation and Service Agreement. The amount of service fees and payment term can be amended by the WFOE
and operating companies&rsquo; consultation and the implementation. The term of the Consultation and Service Agreement is 20 years.
WFOE may terminate this agreement at any time by giving 30 day&rsquo;s prior written notice.




 WFOE
has the exclusive right to provide complete technical support
 business support and related consulting services
 including but
not limited to technical services
 business consultations
 equipment or property leasing
 marketing consultancy
 system integration
product research and development
 and system maintenance. WFOE exclusively owns any intellectual property rights arising from the
performance of this Business Cooperation Agreement. The rate of service fees may be adjusted based on the services rendered by
WFOE in that month and the operational needs of the operating entities. The Business Cooperation Agreement shall maintain effective
unless it was terminated or was compelled to terminate under applicable PRC laws and regulations. WFOE may terminate this Business
Cooperation Agreement at any time by giving 30 day&rsquo;s prior written notice.




operating entities and each of operating entities&rsquo; shareholder
 shareholders of the operating entities pledge all of their
equity interests in the operating entities to WFOE to guarantee their performance of relevant obligations and indebtedness under
the Technical Consultation and Service Agreement and other control agreements. In addition
 shareholders of the operating entities
are in the process of registering the equity pledge with the competent local authority.




 WFOE has the
exclusive right to require each shareholder of the operating companies to fulfill and complete all approval and registration procedures
required under PRC laws for WFOE to purchase
 or designate one or more persons to purchase
 each shareholder&rsquo;s equity interests
in the operating companies
 once or at multiple times at any time in part or in whole at WFOE&rsquo;s sole and absolute discretion.
The purchase price shall be the lowest price allowed by PRC laws. The Equity Option Agreements shall remain effective until all
the equity interest owned by each operating entities shareholder has been legally transferred to WFOE or its designee(s).




 each
shareholder irrevocably appointed WFOE or WFOE&rsquo;s designee to exercise all his or her rights as the shareholders of the operating
entities under the Articles of Association of each operating entity
 including but not limited to the power to exercise all shareholder&rsquo;s
voting rights with respect to all matters to be discussed and voted in the shareholders&rsquo; meeting. The term of each Voting
Rights Proxy Agreement is 20 years. WOFE has the right to extend each Voting Proxy Agreement by giving written notification.



    
    



2019
 the following entities were de-consolidated from the structure as a result of the sale agreement executed on December 11
2019:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    
1
540
666


 Ltd.
    
    
3
797
774


 Ltd.
    
    
2
303
063



 the accumulated deficit
of Luotian Green Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Shangdong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. with total amount of $18
622
782 are written off.
In addition
 the Company also recognized a long-term investment loss with total amount of $9
838
934. The net effect is a gain
on disposal of VIEs with the total amount of $8
783
848.&nbsp;








management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however
 actual
results could differ materially from those estimates.&nbsp;




purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.




purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them
in the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified as available-for-sale.


at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains
and losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a
separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale
securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.


security below cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment
is charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is established.
To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the
investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs
evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration
of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.


over the life of the related available-for-sale security as an adjustment to yield using the effective-interest method. Dividend
and interest income are recognized when earned.



    
    





the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection
of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.




goods which are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor
 inbound
shipping costs
 and allocated overhead. The Company applies the weighted average cost method to its inventory.&nbsp;




vendors for the procurement of raw materials. Upon physical receipt and inspection of the raw materials from suppliers the applicable
amount is reclassified from advances and prepayments to suppliers to inventory.




depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method. The Company typically
applies a salvage value of 0% to 10%. The estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:



    
    

Landscaping
 plant and tree 
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts
 and any gain or loss are included in the Company&rsquo;s results
of operations. The costs of maintenance and repairs are recognized to expenses as incurred; significant renewals and betterments
are capitalized.




at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is provided over their useful lives
 using the straight-line method. The estimated
useful lives of the intangible assets are as follows:&nbsp;



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Construction in progress and prepayments for
equipment 


represent direct and indirect acquisition and construction costs for plants
 and costs of acquisition and installation of related
equipment. Amounts classified as construction in progress and prepayments for equipment are transferred to plant and equipment
when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. Depreciation is not
provided for assets classified in this account.




over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired in a business combination. The Company conducts an annual assessment
of its goodwill for impairment. If the carrying value of its goodwill exceeds its fair value
 then impairment has incurred; accordingly
a charge to the Company&rsquo;s results of operations will be recognized during the period. Fair value is generally determined
using a discounted expected future cash flow analysis.

Accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets



for impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable.
Impairment may be the result of becoming obsolete from a change in the industry
 introduction of new technologies
 or if the Company
has inadequate working capital to utilize the long-lived assets to generate the adequate profits. Impairment is present if the
carrying amount of an asset is less than its expected future undiscounted cash flows.


    
    



 a loss is recognized
based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed are reported
at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.




from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
and are to be used to expand production or operations. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit must appropriate
and reserve
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to 10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches
a maximum that is equal to 50% of the enterprise&rsquo;s PRC registered capital.




in United States dollars. The functional currency of the Company is the Renminbi (RMB). The Company&rsquo;s assets and liabilities
are translated into United States dollars from RMB at year-end exchange rates
 and its revenues and expenses are translated at
the average exchange rate during the period. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital
transactions occurred.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



and all foreign exchange transactions must be conducted through authorized financial institutions.




and recognizes revenue when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers
 in an amount that reflects
the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.


from the sale of fresh foods
 spices
 convenience foods and tea products. The Company applies the following five steps in order
to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfils its obligations under each of its agreements:



    
    
identify the contract
    with a customer;

    
    
identify the performance
    obligations in the contract;

    
    
determine the transaction
    price;

    
    
allocate the transaction
    price to performance obligations in the contract; and

    
    
recognize revenue
    as the performance obligation is satisfied.









as incurred.




as incurred.




sponsored defined contribution plans are charged to the either expenses as incurred or allocated to inventory as part of overhead.




and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred
tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
or that future realization is uncertain.&nbsp;

    
    





Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) ASC Topic 220
 &ldquo;Reporting Comprehensive Income.&rdquo; Comprehensive income is comprised of net
income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&rsquo; equity
 except the changes in paid-in capital and distributions
to stockholders due to investments by stockholders.




in accordance with ASC Topic 260
 &ldquo;Earnings per share&rdquo;. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common
shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS presents the dilutive effect
on a per share basis from the potential conversion of convertible securities or the exercise of options and or warrants; the dilutive
effects of potentially convertible securities are calculated using the as-if method; the potentially dilutive effect of options
or warrants are calculated using the treasury stock method. Securities that are potentially an anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those
that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.




 including
cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have
carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &ldquo;Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures
&rdquo; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &ldquo;Financial
Instruments
&rdquo; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement
that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets
for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values
because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current
market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
Level 2 - inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 

    
    
    




    
The Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &ldquo;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&rdquo; and ASC 815. 

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. 

    
    

    
    

    
    

 the FASB issued ASU 2018-02
Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income. The amendments in this Update affect any entity that is required to apply the provisions of Topic 220
 Income Statement
&ndash; Reporting Comprehensive Income
 and has items of other comprehensive income for which the related tax effects are presented
in other comprehensive income as required by GAAP. The amendments in this Update are effective for all entities for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments in this Update
is permitted
 including adoption in any interim period
 (1) for public business entities for reporting periods for which financial
statements have not yet been issued and (2) for all other entities for reporting periods for which financial statements have not
yet been made available for issuance. The amendments in this Update should be applied either in the period of adoption or retrospectively
to each period (or periods) in which the effect of the change in the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate in the Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act is recognized. The Company does not believe the adoption of this ASU would have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s
consolidated financial statements.


issued but not yet effective accounting standards
 if currently adopted
 would have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
balance sheets
 statements of income and comprehensive income and statements of cash flows.


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    






    
    



 2019
 the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary Shanghai
Xunyang Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd. entered into a series of VIE agreements with Xianning Bozhuang and its equity holders to
obtain control and become the primary beneficiary of Xianning Bozhuang. The Company consolidated Xianning Bozhuang&rsquo;s accounts
as its VIE. Pursuant to the VIE agreements
 the Company issued an aggregate of 1
080
000 shares of common stock of the Company
to the equity holders of Xianning Bozhuang in exchange for the transfer of all of the equity interest of Xianning Bozhuang to the
Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd. The significant terms of these VIE agreements are summarized in &ldquo;Note 2 -
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&rdquo; above.


for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805. The Company has allocated the purchase price of Xianning Bozhuang based
upon the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the acquisition date. Other current assets and
current liabilities were valued using the cost approach. Management of the Company is responsible for determining the fair value
of assets acquired
 liabilities assumed
 plant and equipment
 and intangible assets identified as of the acquisition date and considered
a number of factors including valuations from independent appraisers. Acquisition-related costs incurred for the acquisitions are
not material and have been expensed as incurred in general and administrative expense.


of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date
 which represents the net purchase price allocation
at the date of the acquisition of BoZhuang:



    
    
    
4
784
292
    




    
    

    
4
486
561

    
2
058
018

    
3
925
197

    
1
672
556

    
12
142
332

    
(6
503
174

    
5
639
158



 the net
asset acquired $5
639
158 is more than total consideration at fair value $4
784
292. The difference of $854
866 will be added to
the additional paid in capital.




    
    





    
    

    
    
        

        of its domestic customers
 which include third-party distributors
 supermarkets and wholesalers.




    
    
    

    
1
615
245
6
528
072

: Allowance
    for doubtful accounts
(499
034
    

    
1
116
211
6
528
072

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(804
937

    
    
804
937

    
(499
034
    

    
    
    

    
(499
034
    




    
    

    
    

    
Inventories consisted of the following as of December 31
 2019 and 2018.




    
    
    

    
640
990
    

    
12
489
    

    
1
071
363
    

    
221
706
    

    
1
946
548
    




    
    

    
    

    
Property
 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following as of December 31
 2019 and 2018:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
512
606
1
116
941

    
980
196
31
066

    
53
376
    

    
150
412
    


 mint plants
 pepper trees
317
720
2
078
012

    
6
014
310
3
226
018

    
    
    

: Accumulated
    depreciation
(1
041
610
(1
854
500

    
    
    

    
4
972
700
1
371
518




    
Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018 was $742
482 and $59
821
 respectively.








    
    
    

    
    
    

    
750
224
    

    
2
552
    

    
895
187
    

    
1
647
963
    

    
    
    

: Accumulated
    amortization
(114
036
    

    
1
533
927
    



of 31
585 square meters was obtained on April 15
 2019 with a consideration of $750
224
 located at Xianning City
 Huibei Province
China with the land use right until June 12
 2068.


28
 2014 with a consideration of $895
187
 registered with the China National Intellectual Property Administration
 registration
number is 16964992A.



    
Amortization expense for the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018 was $13
319 and $0
 respectively. 



    
    







as of December 31
 2019 and 2018:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 Taishan Branch
    
    

    
136
044
    

    
136
044
    



 which are denominated in Renminbi
were primarily obtained for general working capital. The loan was secured by Yongjun Huang&rsquo;s bank certificate of deposit.




    
    



 2019 and 2018
the outstanding balance due to related parties is $2
027
729 and $78
656
 respectively.


 2019 and
2018
 the outstanding balance of $2
003
390 and $Nil due to Mr. Bin Zhou
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company
respectively
 is advances for working capital of the Company which are due on March 30
 2020
 non-interest bearing
 and unsecured
unless further disclosed.



 2019 and 2018
the outstanding balance of $16
885 and $Nil due to Mr. Yong Jun Huang
 an executive of a subsidiary
 respectively
 is advances
for working capital of the Company
 non-interest bearing
 and unsecured
 unless further disclosed.


 2019 and 2018
the outstanding balance of $7
454 and $Nil due to Mr. Ming Yue Cai
 an executive of a subsidiary
 respectively
 is advances for
working capital of the Company
 non-interest bearing
 and unsecured
 unless further disclosed.


 2018
 the outstanding
balance of $78
656 due to Mr. Biaoyang Yang
 an executive of a subsidiary
 is advances for working capital of the Company
 non-interest
bearing
 and unsecured
 unless further disclosed.




    
    




    
    

 2019
 the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary
        Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Subsidiary&rdquo;) entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Xianning
        Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Target&rdquo;) and each of the shareholders of Target (collectively
 &ldquo;Sellers&rdquo;).
        Such transaction closed on May 14
 2019. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement
 the Subsidiary acquired all outstanding equity
        interests of Target
 a company that produces tea products and sells such products in China. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement
        the Company issued an aggregate of 1
080
000 shares of common stock of the Company to the Sellers in exchange for the transfer
        of all of the equity interest of the Target to the Subsidiary.
        

 2019
 the Company entered into a securities purchase
        agreement
 pursuant to which five individuals residing in the PRC agreed to purchase an aggregate of 1
300
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
        common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 for an aggregate purchase price of $5
460
000
 representing a purchase price of $4.20
        per share. The transaction closed on June 19
 2019.

    
    

    
As of December 31
 2019
 there were 7
877
765 shares of common stock outstanding.

    
    

    
For the years ended December 31
 2019 and 2018
 the Company did not issued shares as stock compensation to employees. 

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
The following tables provide the reconciliation of the differences between the statutory and effective tax expenses following as of December 31
 2019 and 2018: 




    
    
    

    
(15
675
586
(492
419

    
    
423
338

    
    
(80
000

    
(15
675
586
(149
081

    
    
    

    
(3
918
897

(123
105

    
3
918
897

287
489

    
    
164
384

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
897
710
2
978
233

    
    
    



income tax rate and the Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate was as follows as of December 31
 2019 and 2018:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






prior to being deducted as an expense item on the tax return. Therefore
 deferred tax assets are not likely realized.




    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(5
836
652
(313
465

    
    
20
903
129

    
2
947
196
20
589
664

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
497
765
1
530
980

    
1
399
945
3
964
942

    
6
897
710
2
978
233

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
897
710
2
978
233




    
    




Notes to Financial Statements 




    
    

    
    
        

 2016
 Taishan Muren entered
        into one operating lease agreement leasing one plot of land where biological assets are grown
 one building
 and farming facilities.
        During the year ended December 31
 2017
 Taishan Muren entered into two operating lease agreements leasing three additional plots
        of land where biological assets are grown and two buildings. During the year ended December 31
 2018
 Taishan Muren entered into
        two operating lease agreements leasing two buildings.

    
    

    
    






    
    
    
    
    

    
    
March 1
 2016
    
February 28
 2031

    
    
January 1
    2017
    
February 28
 2031

    
    
January 1
    2017
    
February 28
 2031

    
    
January 1
    2018
    
February 28
 2031

    
    
June 1
 2018
    
February 28
 2031





 2019
 the Company adopted ASU
2016-02
 &ldquo;Leases&rdquo; (Topic 842)
 and elected the package of practical expedients that does not require us to reassess:
(1) whether any expired or existing contracts are
 or contain
 leases
 (2) lease classification for any expired or existing leases
and (3) initial direct costs for any expired or existing leases. The Company adopted the practical expedient that allows lessees
to treat the lease and non-lease components of a lease as a single lease component. The impact of the adoption on January 1
 2019
increased the right-of-uses and lease liabilities by approximately $421
382.


 the Company recognized
lease labilities of approximately $421
382
 with corresponding Right-of-use (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;) assets of the same amount based
on the present value of the future minimum rental payments of the new lease
 using an effective interest rate of 5.0025%
 which
is determined using an incremental borrowing rate.


remaining lease term of its existing leases is 13.7 years.


do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.


2019 and 2018
 rent expenses amounted to $ 44
892 and $46
194
 respectively.


maturity of the Company&rsquo;s lease obligations is presented below:



Twelve months ended December 31

    

    
25
046

    
26
852

    
28
927

    
30
928

    
33
206

    
258
123

    
403
082

    
(4
593

    
398
489




    
    





    
    





as to each customer that accounted for 10% or more of the Company&rsquo;s revenues as of December 31
 2019 and 2018.



    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31
 2019
    
    
December 31
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
210
716
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
831
309
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
283
822
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
583
678
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
270
799
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
108
286
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
207
273
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
625
444
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
277
302
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





as to each supplier that accounted for 10% or more of the Company&rsquo;s purchase as of December 31
 2019 and December 31
 2018.



    
    
    
    

    
    
September 30
 2019
    
    
December 31
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
155
238
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
34
902
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
196
899
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
79
878
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







 2019
 the
Company has reclassified the results of operations and the financial position of Luotian Lorain and Shandong Greenpia as discontinued
operations. Selected details regarding those discontinued operations are provided below.



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
2
072
253

    
    
1
305
382

    
    
475
177

    
    
632
640

    
    
(24
232
157

    
    
(24
097
926

    
    
(48
583

    
    
(24
049
343




    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(1
266
022

    
    
(6
338
588

    
    
(9
877
127

    
    
(6
750
420

    
    
(24
232
157





    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
8
607
813

    
    
    

    
    
8
607
813

    
    
    

    
    
(8
607
813

    
    
    

    
    
(8
607
813




    
    




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Since the Company&rsquo;s inception
 the age of account receivables has been less than one year indicating that the Company is subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
The Company&rsquo;s operations are conducted in the PRC. Accordingly
 the Company&rsquo;s business
 financial condition
 and results of operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
 and legal environments in the PRC.

    
    
    

    
    
The Company&rsquo;s operations in the PRC are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&rsquo;s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
The Company has procured environmental licenses required by the PRC government. The Company has both a water treatment facility for water used in its production process and secure transportation to remove waste off site. In the event of an accident
 the Company has purchased insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local environment.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Management monitors changes in prices levels. Historically inflation has not materially impacted the company&rsquo;s financial statements; however
 significant increases in the price of raw materials and labor that cannot be passed to the Company&rsquo;s customers could adversely impact the Company&rsquo;s results of operations.

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
        

 2020
 the Company entered into a securities
        purchase agreement with Mengru Xu and Zhichao Du
 pursuant to which Ms. Xu and Mr. Du agreed to invest an aggregate of $3.51 million
        in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of 1
350
000 shares of common stock
 representing a purchase price of approximately
        $2.60 per share. On February 28
 2020
 the Company closed the transaction.

    
    
    

    
    
    
 2020
 $2
003
390 had been returned to Mr. Bin Zhou.




    











 AS AMENDED



     




DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT&rsquo;S
SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURUSANT TO SECTION 12 OF
THE SECURITIES
EXCHNAGE ACT OF 1934
 AS AMENDED


 2019
 Planet Green Holdings Corp. (&ldquo;we
&rdquo;
&ldquo;our
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;): its common stock with a par value of $0.001 per share
(&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;).


our authorized capital stock consists of (i) 200
000
000 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 with
a par value of $0.001 per share. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock. For a complete description
of the matters set forth herein
 you should refer to our articles of incorporation
 our bylaws
 and the applicable provisions of
Nevada law.


herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K.




for each share so held with respect to each matter voted on by the stockholders of the Company. There is no cumulative voting.

Liquidation
 Dividend and Preemptive Rights 


 upon
any liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company
 whether voluntary or involuntary
 the holders of stock
shall be entitled to receive all remaining assets of the Company and such assets shall be distributed ratably among the holders
of stock on the basis of the number of shares of stock held by each of them.


Board of Directors of the Company. No holders of any shares of stock shall
 as such holder
 have any rights
 preemptive or otherwise
to purchase
 subscribe for or otherwise acquire any shares of stock
 whether now or hereafter authorized
 which at any time are
offered for sale or sold by the Company.










 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20
 2019
 BY AND BETWEEN LUCKY SKY PETROCHEMICAL AND TAISHAN MUREN



     












(the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) is entered into as of December 20
 2019 in Xianning
 China between the following two parties:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
3/F
 Building 2
 Golden Bay
 Group 1
 Huangfan Village
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Taishan Muren Agriculture Co.
Ltd.

    
    
No.216
 Nanfeng Village
 Haiyan Overseas Chinese Farm
 Taishan City 











in China
 and has the necessary resources to provide management and consulting services;






registered in China and needs Party A&rsquo;s support and services during its business.




 through friendly consultation
 Party A and Party
B hereby agree to enter into and perform this Agreement.


    
    









to Party B in the area of fund
 human
 management and intellectual properties
 and Party B hereby agrees to accept such management
consultation and services in accordance with the terms and conditions under this Agreement. The management consultation and services
provided by Party A include:




the staff of Party B;




regarding the marketing of Party B;




relating to the management and operation of Party B&rsquo;s business;




services which are necessary for Party B&rsquo;s businesses.




A for its work
 including but not limited to providing the relevant data
 requirement and directions.




Parties agree that
 this Agreement can be extended only if Party A gives its written consent of the extension of this Agreement
before the expiration of this Agreement and Party B shall agree with this extension without reserve. If Party B&rsquo;s operation
term is required to extended
 Party B shall use its best efforts to renew its business license and extend its operation term until
and unless otherwise instructed in Party A&rsquo;s prior written notice.


    
    





provider of Party B; Party B shall not utilize third party to provide services which are same as or similar with Party A&rsquo;s
services and shall not establish similar corporation relationship with any third party regarding the matters contemplated by this
Agreement without the prior written consent of Party A. Party A may appoint other parties to provide Party B with the consultations
and/or services under this Agreement.








 Party B shall pay relevant
services fees to Party A which shall be determined according to the Appendix of this Agreement. This Appendix can be amended by
the Parties in considering the circumstances.








Party A shall be the sole and exclusive owner of all rights and interests to any and all intellectual property rights arising from
the performance of this Agreement
 including
 but not limited to
 any copyrights
 patent
 know-how and otherwise
 whether developed
by Party A or Party B. Party B shall execute all appropriate documents
 take all appropriate actions
 submit all filings and/or
applications
 render all appropriate assistance and otherwise conduct whatever is necessary as deemed by Party A in its sole discretion
for the purposes of vesting any ownership
 right or interest of any such intellectual property rights in Party A
 and/or perfecting
the protections for any such intellectual property rights in Party A. The Parties agree that this Section shall survive changes
to
 and rescission or termination of
 this Agreement.


    
    





 Confidential Information
includes
 but not limited to
 (i) technical information
 materials
 program
 drawing
 data
 parameter
 standard
 software
 computer
program
 web design in connection with the development
 design
 research
 produce and maintenance of technology disclosed by one
Party to the other Party; (ii) any contracts
 agreement
 memo
 annexes
 draft or record (including this Agreement) entered into
by the Parties for the purpose of this Agreement; and (iii) any information designated to be proprietary or confidential when it
is disclosed by one Party to the other Party. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement
 Party B shall
 return all and any
documents
 materials or software contained any of such Confidential Information to Party A or destroy it
 delete all of such Confidential
Information from memory devices
 and cease to use them.




to any third party in any way without the other Party&rsquo;s prior written consent.




to its employees
 agents or consultant who must know such information
 subject to such employees
 agents or consultant being bound
by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as this Section 3.




 Confidential Information
shall not be deemed to include the following information:


    
    





the receiving Party&rsquo;s unauthorized disclosure); or




the applicable laws or regulations
 rules of any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities
 in which
case the receiving Party will promptly notify the disclosing Party
 and will take reasonable and lawful steps to minimize the extent
of the disclosure.




this Section shall indemnity all losses of the other Party.












and validly existing in accordance with the laws of China.




obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution
and performance of this Agreement. Party A&rsquo;s execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements
under any law or regulation binding on Party A.


    
    





 valid and
binding obligations
 enforceable in accordance with its terms.








existing in accordance with the laws of China and has obtained the relevant permit and license for engaging in its business in
a timely manner. It has independent legal person status
 and has full and independent civil and legal capacity to execute
 deliver
and perform this Agreement. It can sue and be sued as a separate entity;




obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution
and performance of this Agreement. Party B&rsquo;s execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements
under any law or regulation binding on Party B.




 valid and
binding obligations
 enforceable in accordance with its terms.


    
    









 if either Party
is in breach of any provisions herein or fails to perform its obligations hereunder
 such breach or failure shall constitute a
default under this Agreement
 which shall entitle the non-defaulting Party to request the defaulting Party to rectify or remedy
such default with a reasonable period of time. If the defaulting Party fails to rectify or remedy such default within the reasonable
period of time or within 30 days of non-defaulting Party&rsquo;s written notice requesting for such rectification or remedy
 then
the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled to elect any one of the following remedial actions: (a) to terminate this Agreement
and request the defaulting Party to fully compensate its losses and damages; (b) to request the specific performance by the defaulting
Party of its obligations hereunder and request the defaulting Party to fully compensate all losses and damages of the non-defaulting
Party.




shall be valid unless it was made in writing. Any failure to exercise or delay in exercising any rights or remedy by any Party
under this Agreement shall not be deemed as a waiver of such Party. Any partial exercise of any right or remedy shall not affect
the exercise of any other rights and remedies.




 the Parties agree
and confirm that in no circumstance shall Party B early terminate this Agreement unless the applicable law provides otherwise or
it has obtained the prior written consent of Party A.




the suspension or termination of this Agreement.


    
    









 &ldquo;Force Majeure&rdquo; will
mean war
 earthquake and other events which are unforeseen
 inevitable and beyond the control of the Party.




the impossibility to further perform this Agreement
 the Parties agree that the suffering party will waive any liability to the
other party for any loss that result from any such Force Majeure
 provided that the suffering party shall continue to perform this
Agreement after the Force Majeure.








a written agreement is signed by both Parties.




 unless Party A commits gross
negligence
 or a fraudulent act
 against Party B
 Party B shall not terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration date. Nevertheless
Party A shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon giving 30 days&rsquo; prior written notice to Party B at any time.




 if any Party is going into
liquidation (either voluntary or compulsory)
 or is prohibited to conduct business by the governmental authority
 the other Party
shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement. The termination notice shall come into force upon the notice is sent.




the exercise of any other remedies under this Agreement. Except when it may be exempted from liability according to law
 the Party
that is held responsible shall compensate the other Party for all losses and damages thus caused by such amendment or termination.


    
    









 effectiveness
 interpretation
 performance
 amendment
termination and dispute resolution shall be governed by the law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China.




the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations. In the event the Parties fail to reach an agreement
on the dispute
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Southern China Commission of China International Economic and
Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in Shenzhen&#65292;and
the language used in arbitration shall be Chinese. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on all Parties.




and performance of this Agreement or during the pending arbitration of any dispute
 except for the matters under dispute
 the Parties
to this Agreement shall continue to exercise their respective rights under this Agreement and perform their respective obligations
under this Agreement.


    
    









be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 by a commercial
courier service to the address of such Party set forth below. A confirmation copy of each notice shall also be sent by email. The
dates on which notices shall be deemed to have been effectively given shall be determined as follows:




 by courier service or by
registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of acceptance or refusal at the address specified
for notices.




or its contact person
 a notice shall be delivered to the other Party in accordance with the terms hereof.








 Party
B shall not assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party.




obligations and rights under this Agreement to any third party upon a prior written notice to Party B but without the consent of
Party B.








and from the date on which it is signed by the authorized representative and seal of each Party.


    
    





shall be in writing. The amendment agreements and supplementary agreements that have been signed by the Parties and that relate
to this Agreement shall be an integral part of this Agreement and shall have the same legal validity as this Agreement.




obligations
 disputes resolution and default responsibilities shall survive rescission or termination of this Agreement.




of this Agreement are found to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws or regulations
 the
validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or compromised in any
aspect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions with effective provisions
that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic effect of such effective
provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions.




and English language bearing the same legal effect. In the event of any inconsistency between the Chinese and English language
the Chinese version of this Agreement shall prevail. This Agreement shall have two counterparts
 with each party holding one original.
All counterparts shall be given the same legal effect.



The Remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank


    
    





 the Parties have caused
their authorized representatives to execute this Consultation and Service Agreement as of the date first above written.



Party A:&nbsp;&nbsp; Lucky Sky Petrochemical
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. 




    







&#21488;&#23665;&#24066;&#29287;&#20161;&#20892;&#19994;&#26377;&#38480;&#20844;&#21496;
Party B: Taishan Muren Agriculture Co.
Ltd.





    








    
    




Exhibit Provisions on the payment standard and method
of management and consultation service fee




service fee relating to Article 1
 paragraph 1 to Party A based on the following terms:






&#20316;&#20026;&#26412;&#21327;&#35758;&#39033;&#19979;&#31649;&#29702;&#21644;&#21672;&#35810;&#26381;&#21153;&#30340;&#22522;&#26412;&#24180;&#36153;&#65292;&#35813;&#31561;&#22522;&#26412;&#24180;&#36153;&#25353;&#23395;&#24230;&#20998;&#22235;&#26399;&#24179;&#22343;&#25903;&#20184;&#65292;&#20057;&#26041;&#24212;&#20998;&#21035;&#22312;&#27599;&#20010;&#23395;&#24230;&#24320;&#22987;&#20043;&#26085;&#36215;&#30340;&#21313;&#20116;&#65288;15&#65289;&#20010;&#24037;&#20316;&#26085;&#20869;&#25903;&#20184;&#33267;&#30002;&#26041;&#25351;&#23450;&#20043;&#38134;&#34892;&#24080;&#25143;&#12290;


of Party B accepted by US GAAP to Party A as the annual fee (the &ldquo;Annual Fee&rdquo;) of management and consultation service
herein. The Annual fee should be paid to the designed bank account of Party A within 15 working days after the first day of each
quarter of the year.








 Party B should pay Floating
Charge (the &ldquo;Floating Charge&rdquo;)
 the amount of which should not be exceed total net profit accepted by the US GAAP deducting
the Annual Fee of Party B
 to Party A in each quarter of the year according to management and consultation service provided by
Party A. The amount of the Floating Charge should be determined by both Parties based on the following factors:


    
    





by Party A for the technology support and service in a certain quarter;




and service in a certain quarter;




service in a certain quarter;




the technology support and service in a certain quarter;








Party A should provide all the required financial information to be used to calculate (the &ldquo;Financial Information&rdquo;)
the Floating Charge on the certain quarter with Party B and should pay the Floating Charge within 30 days of the end each quarter.
Both Parties can engage independent accountants with good reputation to audit on the Financial Information
 if any Party has a
doubt on it. The audit would be conducted during the business hour and should not be affect the normal business of Party B.




7 working days after receiving the written notice regarding the adjustment of the Annual Fee or the Floating Charge from Party
A.




by the US GAAP
 Party A is obliged to absorb all the loss of Party B and to pay the amount of loss to Party B.















 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20
 2019
 BY AND BETWEEN LUCKY SKY PETROCHEMICAL AND TAISHAN MUREN



     











&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) is made and entered into by and between the following parties on December 20
 2019 in Xianning
 the People&rsquo;s
Republic of China (&ldquo;China&rdquo; or the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;).



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
3/F
 Building 2
 Golden Bay
 Group 1
 Huangfan Village
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Taishan Muren Agriculture Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
    

 Haiyan Overseas Chinese Farm
 Taishan City





referred to as a &ldquo;Party&rdquo; respectively
 and as the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo; collectively.










in China
 and has the necessary resources to provide management and consulting services;





in China and engages in food products manufacture and sales and other businesses (the &ldquo;


    
    






consulting services and other commercial services on exclusive basis in relation to the Principal Business during the term of this
Agreement
 utilizing its advantages in management
 human resources
 and information
 and Party B is willing to accept such services
provided by Party A or Party A&rsquo;s designee(s)
 each on the terms set forth herein.




 therefore
 through mutual discussion
 the Parties
have reached the following agreements:









exclusive services provider to provide Party B with complete management support
 business support and related consulting services
during the term of this Agreement
 in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement
 which may include all necessary
services within the scope of the Principal Business as may be determined from time to time by Party A
 such as but not limited
to technical services
 business consultations
 management consultancy
 and enterprise image design.




services provided by Party A. Party B further agrees that unless with Party A&rsquo;s prior written consent
 during the term of
this Agreement
 Party B shall not directly or indirectly accept the same or any similar consultations and/or services provided
by any third party and shall not establish similar corporation relationship with any third party regarding the matters contemplated
by this Agreement. Party A may appoint other parties
 who may enter into certain agreements described in Section 1.3 with Party
B
 to provide Party B with the consultations and/or services under this Agreement.


    
    









Agreement
 where necessary
 Party B may enter into further management service agreements or consulting service agreements with
Party A or any other party designated by Party A
 which shall provide the specific contents
 manner
 personnel
 and fees for the
specific management services and consulting services.




 Party A and Party B agree
that during the term of this Agreement
 where necessary
 Party B may enter into equipment or property leases with Party A or any
other party designated by Party A which shall permit Party B to use Party A&rsquo;s or its designee&rsquo;s relevant equipment
or property based on the needs of the business of Party B.


    
    







&rdquo;&#65289;&#12290;&#20057;&#26041;&#24212;&#20110;&#27599;&#20010;&#36130;&#25919;&#24180;&#24230;&#26411;&#30340;90&#26085;&#20869;&#65292;(a)&nbsp;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#25552;&#20379;&#20057;&#26041;&#22312;&#26412;&#36130;&#25919;&#24180;&#24230;&#30340;&#32463;&#23457;&#35745;&#30340;&#36130;&#21153;&#25253;&#34920;&#65292;&#35813;&#36130;&#21153;&#25253;&#34920;&#24212;&#24403;&#32463;&#30001;&#30002;&#26041;&#25209;&#20934;&#30340;&#29420;&#31435;&#27880;&#20876;&#20250;&#35745;&#24072;&#23457;&#35745;&#24182;&#35748;&#35777;&#65307;(b)&nbsp;&#22914;&#26524;&#25353;&#29031;&#32463;&#23457;&#35745;&#30340;&#36130;&#21153;&#25253;&#34920;&#26174;&#31034;&#65292;&#26412;&#36130;&#25919;&#24180;&#24230;&#20869;&#20057;&#26041;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#25903;&#20184;&#30340;&#26376;&#20184;&#27454;&#30340;&#24635;&#39069;&#26377;&#20219;&#20309;&#19981;&#36275;&#65292;&#20057;&#26041;&#24212;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#25903;&#20184;&#24046;&#39069;&#12290;&#38500;&#38750;&#21452;&#26041;&#21478;&#34892;&#21327;&#21830;&#19968;&#33268;&#25110;&#26681;&#25454;&#27861;&#24459;&#30340;&#35201;&#27714;&#65292;&#21542;&#21017;&#20057;&#26041;&#26681;&#25454;&#26412;&#21327;&#35758;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#25903;&#20184;&#30340;&#26381;&#21153;&#36153;&#24212;&#19981;&#32463;&#20219;&#20309;&#25187;&#20943;&#25110;&#25269;&#38144;&#65288;&#22914;&#38134;&#34892;&#25163;&#32493;&#36153;&#31561;&#65289;&#12290;&#20057;&#26041;&#25552;&#20379;&#30340;&#31649;&#29702;&#25253;&#34920;&#12289;&#32463;&#33829;&#25968;&#25454;&#21644;&#36130;&#21153;&#25253;&#34920;&#24212;&#30495;&#23454;&#12289;&#26377;
&#25928;&#12289;&#20934;&#30830;&#21644;&#23436;&#25972;&#65292;a&#33509;&#20057;&#26041;&#25552;&#20379;&#30340;&#21069;&#36848;&#26448;&#26009;&#23384;&#22312;&#29781;&#30133;&#32780;&#23548;&#33268;&#30002;&#26041;&#20135;&#29983;&#25439;&#22833;&#30340;&#65292;&#20057;&#26041;&#24212;&#23545;&#35813;&#31561;&#25439;&#22833;&#25215;&#25285;&#20840;&#39069;&#30340;&#36180;&#20607;&#36131;&#20219;&#12290;&#22914;&#26524;&#30001;&#20110;&#20057;&#26041;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#25552;&#20379;&#20102;&#34394;&#20551;&#26448;&#26009;&#32780;&#23548;&#33268;&#20943;&#36731;&#25110;&#20813;&#38500;&#20057;&#26041;&#22312;&#26412;&#21327;&#35758;&#39033;&#19979;&#30340;&#20184;&#27454;&#20041;&#21153;&#65292;&#23545;&#20110;&#30001;&#27492;&#32780;&#20943;&#36731;&#25110;&#20813;&#38500;&#30340;&#20184;&#27454;&#25968;&#39069;&#65292;&#20057;&#26041;&#19981;&#21487;&#25764;&#38144;&#22320;&#25215;&#35834;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#20316;&#20986;&#30456;&#24212;&#36180;&#20607;&#12290;


 in consideration of the
services provided by Party A
&rdquo;) equal to 100% of the
after-tax income determined by U.S. GAAP of Party B
 provided that upon mutual discussion between the Parties and the prior written
consent by Party A
 the rate of Service Fees may be adjusted based on the services rendered by Party A in that quarter and the
operational needs of Party B. All out-of-pocket expenses (including without limitation the travelling expenses
 accommodation
transportation
 printing and postage fees etc) that Party A may incur as a result of the provision of the Services hereunder shall
be solely borne by Party B. The Service Fees shall be due and payable on a quarterly basis; within 15 working days after the beginning
of each quarter
 Party B shall (a) deliver to Party A the management accounts and operating statistics of Party B for such quarter
including the after-tax income of Party B during such quarter (the &ldquo;Quarterly Income&rdquo;)
 and (b) pay 100% of such Quarterly
Income
 or other amount agreed by Party A
 to Party A (each such payment
 a &ldquo;Quarterly Payment&rdquo;). Within ninety (90)
days after the end of each fiscal year
 Party B shall (a) deliver to Party A audited financial statements of Party B for such fiscal
year
 which shall be audited and certified by an independent certified public accountant approved by Party A
 and (b) pay an amount
to Party A equal to the shortfall
 if any
 of the net income of Party B for such fiscal year
 as shown in such audited financial
statements
 as compared to the aggregate amount of the Quarterly Payments paid by Party B to Party A in such fiscal year. Unless
the Parties agree otherwise or the law provides otherwise
 the Service Fees payable by Party B hereunder shall not be subject to
any deduction or set-off (e.g. bank handling fees etc). The management report
 operation data and financial statements provided
by Party B shall be true
 valid
 accurate and complete. If Party A suffers any losses as a result of any defect of the aforesaid
documents
 Party B shall be fully responsible for such losses. In the event that Party B&rsquo;s payment obligation hereunder is
reduced or released because of the provision by Party B of any fraudulent materials to Party A
 Party B hereby irrevocably undertakes
to compensate Party A accordingly for the amount so reduced or released.




GAAP when Party B is obligated to pay the Services fees to Party A
 Party A needs to absorb Party B&rsquo;s losses and be responsible
and required to reimbursement Party B for those losses.


    
    





Intellectual Property Rights and Confidentiality
Clauses




 Party A
shall have exclusive and proprietary rights and interests in all rights
 ownership
 interests and intellectual properties arising
out of or created during the performance of this Agreement
 including but not limited to copyrights
 patents
 patent applications
software
 technical secrets
 trade secrets and others. Party B shall execute all appropriate documents
 take all appropriate actions
submit all filings and/or applications
 render all appropriate assistance and otherwise conduct whatever is necessary as deemed
by Party A in its sole discretion for the purposes of vesting any ownership
 right or interest of any such intellectual property
rights in Party A
 and/or perfecting the protections for any such intellectual property rights in Party A.




terms of this Agreement and any oral or written information exchanged between the Parties in connection with the preparation and
performance this Agreement are regarded as confidential information. Each Party shall maintain confidentiality of all such confidential
information
 and without obtaining the written consent of the other Party
 it shall not disclose any relevant confidential information
to any third parties
 except for the information that: (a) is or will be in the public domain (other than through the receiving
Party&rsquo;s unauthorized disclosure); (b) is under the obligation to be disclosed pursuant to the applicable laws or regulations
rules of any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities; or (c) is required to be disclosed by any
Party to its shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors regarding the transaction contemplated hereunder
 provided
that such shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors shall be bound by the confidentiality obligations similar
to those set forth in this Section. Disclosure of any confidential information by the staff members or agencies hired by any Party
shall be deemed disclosure of such confidential information by such Party
 which Party shall be held liable for breach of this
Agreement. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.




to
 and rescission or termination of
 this Agreement.


    
    














registered and validly existing in accordance with the laws of China.




obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution
and performance of this Agreement. Party A&rsquo;s execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements
under any law or regulation binding on Party A.




 valid
and binding obligations
 enforceable in accordance with its terms.








existing in accordance with the laws of China and has obtained the relevant permit and license for engaging in the Principal Business
in a timely manner. It has independent legal person status
 and has full and independent civil and legal capacity to execute
 deliver
and perform this Agreement. It can sue and be sued as a separate entity;


    
    





obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution
and performance of this Agreement. Party B&rsquo;s execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements
under any law or regulation binding on Party B.




 valid
and binding obligations
 and shall be enforceable against it.









written and shall take effect as of such date. This Agreement shall maintain effective unless terminated in accordance with Article
6.1 or was compelled to terminate under applicable PRC laws and regulations.









 unless Party A commits
gross negligence
 or a fraudulent act
 against Party B
 Party B shall not terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration date.
Nevertheless
 Party A shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon giving 30 days&rsquo; prior written notice to Party
B at any time.




3
 7 and 8 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.


    
    










 effectiveness
 construction
 performance
amendment and termination of this Agreement and the resolution of disputes hereunder shall be governed by the laws of China.




and performance of this Agreement
 the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations. In the event the
Parties fail to reach an agreement on the dispute within 30 days after either Party&rsquo;s request to the other Parties for resolution
of the dispute through negotiations
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Southern China Commission of China International
Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted
in Shenzhen
 and the language used in arbitration shall be Chinese. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on all Parties.




construction and performance of this Agreement or during the pending arbitration of any dispute
 except for the matters under dispute
the Parties to this Agreement shall continue to exercise their respective rights under this Agreement and perform their respective
obligations under this Agreement.







 if either Party
&rdquo;) is in breach of any provisions herein or fails to perform its obligations hereunder
&rdquo;)
 which shall entitle
the non-defaulting Party to request the Defaulting Party to rectify or remedy such Default with a reasonable period of time. If
the Defaulting Party fails to rectify or remedy such Default within the reasonable period of time or within 30 days of non-defaulting
Party&rsquo;s written notice requesting for such rectification or remedy
 then the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled to elect
any one of the following remedial actions: (a) to terminate this Agreement and request the Defaulting Party to fully compensate
its losses and damages; (b) to request the specific performance by the Defaulting Party of its obligations hereunder and request
the Defaulting Party to fully compensate non-defaulting Party&rsquo;s losses and damages.


    
    





shall be valid unless it was made in writing. Any failure to exercise or delay in exercising any rights or remedy by any Party
under this Agreement shall not be deemed as a waiver of such Party. Any partial exercise of any right or remedy shall not affect
the exercise of any other rights and remedies.




 the Parties agree
and confirm that in no circumstance shall Party B early terminate this Agreement unless the applicable law or this Agreement provides
otherwise.




the validity of this Clause shall not be affected by the suspension or termination of this Agreement.









to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 by a commercial
courier service to the address of such Party set forth below. A confirmation copy of each notice shall also be sent by email. The
dates on which notices shall be deemed to have been effectively given shall be determined as follows:




 by courier service
or by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of delivery or refusal at the address specified
for notices.


    
    





contact person
 a notice shall be delivered to the other Party in accordance with the terms hereof.









 Party
B shall not assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party.




and rights under this Agreement to any third party upon a prior written notice to Party B but without the consent of Party B.









of this Agreement are found to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws or regulations
 the
validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or compromised in any
aspect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions with effective provisions
that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic effect of such effective
provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions.


    
    










be in writing. The amendment agreements and supplementary agreements that have been signed by the Parties and that relate to this
Agreement shall be an integral part of this Agreement and shall have the same legal validity as this Agreement.









language in two copies
 each Party having one copy with equal legal validity; in case there is any conflict between the Chinese
version and the English version
 the Chinese version shall prevail.



The Remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank


    
    



&#35758;&#24182;&#21363;&#29983;&#25928;&#65292;&#20197;&#26157;&#20449;&#23432;&#12290;


 the Parties have caused
their authorized representatives to execute this Business Cooperation Agreement as of the date first above written.


Party A:&nbsp;&nbsp; Lucky Sky Petrochemical
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. 




    


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



&#21488;&#23665;&#24066;&#29287;&#20161;&#20892;&#19994;&#26377;&#38480;&#20844;&#21496;
Party B: Taishan Muren Agriculture Co.
Ltd. 




    


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
















 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20
 2019
 BY AND AMONG LUCKY SKY PETROCHEMICAL
 SHENZHEN JIAMINGRUI NEW AGRICULTURE CO.
 LTD. AND TAISHAN MUREN



     












has been executed by and among the following parties on December 20
 2019 in Xianning
 the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (&ldquo;China&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;):



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. (thereinafter &ldquo;Pledgee.&rdquo;)

    
    
3/F
 Building 2
 Golden Bay
 Group 1
 Huangfan Village
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Shenzhen Jiamingrui New Agriculture Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
Suite 1104F
 Building 1
 Meinian Plaza
 West Nanhai Avenue
 Nanshan District
 Shenzhen

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Taishan Muren Agriculture Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
No.216

 
 Taishan City





 each of Pledgee
 Pledger
and Party C shall be referred to as a &ldquo;Party&rdquo; respectively
 and they shall be collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo;.








C in fact. Party C is a limited liability company registered in Taishan City
 China. Party C acknowledges the respective rights
and obligations of Pledger and Pledgee under this Agreement
 and intends to provide any necessary assistance in registering the
Pledge;


    
    





in China. Pledgee
 Pledger and Party C owned by Pledger have executed a Consultation and Service Agreement and other control agreements
(the &ldquo;




their obligations under the Control Agreements
 and pay the consulting and service fees thereunder to the Pledgee when the sum
becomes due
 Pledger hereby pledges to the Pledgee all of the equity interest he holds in Party C as security for payment of the
consulting and service fees by Party C under the Control Agreements.




the Parties have mutually agreed to execute this Agreement upon the following terms.








 the terms below shall
have the following meanings:




by Pledger to Pledgee pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement
 i.e.
 the right of Pledgee to be compensated on a preferential basis
with the conversion
 auction or sales price of the Equity Interest.




lawfully now held and hereafter acquired by Pledger in Party C.


    
    





Section 3 of this Agreement.




Service Agreements
 Business Cooperation Agreement and other relevant control agreements executed by and among Pledger
 Party C
and Pledgee on December 20
 2019.




set forth in Section 7 of this Agreement.




by Pledgee in accordance with this Agreement declaring an Event of Default.








Agreements and the timely and complete payment when due (whether at stated maturity
 by acceleration or otherwise) of any or all
of the payments due by Party C and/or Pledger
 including without limitation the consulting and services fees payable to the Pledgee
under the Control Agreements
 Pledger hereby pledges to Pledgee a first security interest in all of Pledger&rsquo;s right
 title
and interest
 whether now owned or hereafter acquired by Pledger
 in the Equity Interest of Party C.








 the Parties should complete
the pledge of the Equity Interest contemplated registered with relevant administration for industry and commerce (the &ldquo;AIC&rdquo;)
as soon as possible. The Pledge shall be continuously valid until the Pledger is no longer a shareholder of Party C or the satisfaction
of all its obligations by the Party C under the Control Agreements. The Pledgers shall be responsible for recording of this Agreement
in the Company&rsquo;s Register of Shareholders.


    
    





 in the event Party C fails
to pay the exclusive consulting or service fees in accordance with the Control Agreements
 Pledgee shall have the right
 but not
the obligation
 to dispose of the Pledge in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.



Custody of Records for Equity Interest
subject to Pledge




Pledger shall deliver to Pledgee&rsquo;s custody the capital contribution certificate for the Equity Interest and the shareholders&rsquo;
register containing the Pledge within one week from the execution of this Agreement. Pledgee shall have custody of such items during
the entire Term of Pledge set forth in this Agreement.




by the Equity Interest during the Term of Pledge.








of register of shareholder.




the Equity Interest in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Agreement.


    
    





 Pledger has not placed any security
interest or other encumbrance on the Equity Interest.



Covenants and Further Agreements of
Pledger




 that during
the term of this Agreement
 Pledger shall:




 place or permit the
existence of any security interest or other encumbrance on the Equity Interest
 without the prior written consent of Pledgee
 except
for the performance of the Equity Option Agreement (the &ldquo;Equity Option Agreement&rdquo;) executed by Pledger
 the Pledgee
and Party C on the execution date of this Agreement;




applicable to the pledge of rights
 and within 5 working days of receipt of any notice
 order or recommendation issued or prepared
by relevant competent authorities regarding the Pledge
 shall present the aforementioned notice
 order or recommendation to Pledgee
and shall comply with the aforementioned notice
 order or recommendation or submit objections and representations with respect
to the aforementioned matters upon Pledgee&rsquo;s reasonable request or upon consent of Pledgee;




by Pledger that may have an impact on Pledgee&rsquo;s rights to the Equity Interest or any portion thereof
 as well as any event
or notice received by Pledger that may have an impact on any guarantees and other obligations of Pledger arising out of this Agreement.




in accordance with this Agreement with respect to the Pledge shall not be interrupted or harmed by Pledger or any heirs or representatives
of Pledger or any other persons through any legal proceedings.


    
    





by this Agreement for payment of the consulting and service fees under the Control Agreements
 Pledger hereby undertakes to execute
in good faith and to cause other parties who have an interest in the Pledge to execute all certificates
 agreements
 deeds and/or
covenants required by Pledgee. Pledger also undertakes to perform and to cause other parties who have an interest in the Pledge
to perform actions required by Pledgee
 to facilitate the exercise by Pledgee of its rights and authority granted thereto by this
Agreement
 and to enter into all relevant documents regarding ownership of Equity Interest with Pledgee or designee(s) of Pledgee
(natural persons/legal persons). Pledger undertakes to provide Pledgee within a reasonable time with all notices
 orders and decisions
regarding the Pledge that are required by Pledgee.




all guarantees
 promises
 agreements
 representations and conditions under this Agreement. In the event of failure or partial performance
of its guarantees
 promises
 agreements
 representations and conditions
 Pledger shall indemnify Pledgee for all losses resulting
therefrom.




with the Administration for Industry and Commerce concerning the Pledge as soon as practical after the execution of this Agreement.




Pledgee&rsquo;s prior written consent
 Pledger shall not transfer the Equity Interest and any action for the proposed transfer
of the Equity Interest of Pledger shall be invalid. Any payment received by Pledger for transfer of the Equity Interest shall be
firstly used to repay the secured obligations to Pledgee or be placed in escrow with a third party as agreed with Pledgee.


    
    









Default:




under the Control Agreements
 including without limitation failure to pay in full any of the consulting and service fees payable
under the Control Agreements or breaches any other obligations of Party C thereunder;




of any provisions of this Agreement;




Pledger transfers or purports to transfer or abandons the Equity Interest pledged or assigns the Equity Interest pledged without
the written consent of Pledgee; and




only partially performing or refusing to perform the payment obligations under the Control Agreements.




or property of the Pledger
 which in Pledgee&rsquo;s determination
 may impact the ability of the Pledger to perform its obligations
hereunder.




the Pledgee is not or may not able to exercise its rights hereunder in accordance with the applicable law.


    
    





or event that may lead to the aforementioned circumstances described in Section 7.1
 Pledger shall immediately notify Pledgee in
writing accordingly.




7.1 has been successfully resolved to Pledgee&rsquo;s satisfaction within twenty (20) days after the Pledgee delivers a notice
to the Pledger requesting ratification of such Event of Default
 Pledgee may issue a Notice of Default to Pledger in writing at
any time thereafter
 demanding to immediately dispose of the Pledge in accordance with the provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement.








fees described in the Control Agreements
 without the Pledgee&rsquo;s written consent
 Pledger shall not assign the Equity Interest
in Party C.




exercising the Pledge.




 Pledgee may
exercise the right to enforce the Pledge at any time after the issuance of the Notice of Default in accordance with Section 7.3.
Once Pledgee elects to enforce the Pledge
 Pledger shall cease to be entitled to any rights or interests associated with the Equity
Interest.




 Pledgee is entitled to dispose
of the Equity Interest in accordance with applicable PRC laws. Only to the extent permitted under applicable PRC laws
 Pledgee
has no obligation to account to Pledger for proceeds of disposition of the Equity Interest
 and Pledger hereby waives any rights
it may have to demand any such accounting from Pledgee.


    
    





this Agreement
 Pledger and Party C shall provide necessary assistance to enable Pledgee to enforce the Pledge in accordance with
this Agreement.








 Pledger
shall not have the right to assign or delegate its rights and obligations under this Agreement.




successors and permitted assigns
 and shall be valid with respect to Pledgee and each of its successors and assigns.




 Pledgee may assign any and all of its
rights and obligations under the Control Agreements to its designee(s) (natural/legal persons)
 in which case the assigns shall
have the rights and obligations of Pledgee under this Agreement
 as if it were the original party to this Agreement. When the Pledgee
assigns the rights and obligations under the Control Agreements
 upon Pledgee&rsquo;s request
 Pledger shall execute relevant agreements
or other documents relating to such assignment.




Pledger shall
 at the request of Pledgee
 execute a new pledge agreement with the new pledgee on the same terms and conditions
as this Agreement
 and register the same with the relevant AIC.


    
    





Agreement and other contracts jointly or separately executed by the Parties hereto or any of them
 including the Equity Option
Agreement and the Power of Attorney granted to Pledgee
 perform the obligations hereunder and thereunder
 and refrain from any
action/omission that may affect the effectiveness and enforceability thereof. Any remaining rights of Pledger with respect to the
Equity Interest pledged hereunder shall not be exercised by Pledger except in accordance with the written instructions of Pledgee.








fees under the Control Agreements and upon termination of Party C&rsquo;s obligations under the Control Agreements
 this Agreement
shall be terminated
 and Pledgee shall then terminate the equity pledge under this Agreement as soon as reasonably practicable.








Agreement
 including but not limited to legal costs
 costs of production
 stamp tax and any other taxes and fees
 shall be borne
by Party C.


    
    









terms of this Agreement and any oral or written information exchanged between the Parties in connection with the preparation and
performance this Agreement are regarded as confidential information. Each Party shall maintain confidentiality of all such confidential
information
 and without obtaining the written consent of the other Party
 it shall not disclose any relevant confidential information
to any third parties
 except for the information that: (a) is or will be in the public domain (other than through the receiving
Party&rsquo;s unauthorized disclosure); (b) is under the obligation to be disclosed pursuant to the applicable laws or regulations
rules of any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities; or (c) is required to be disclosed by any
Party to its shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors regarding the transaction contemplated hereunder
 provided
that such shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors shall be bound by the confidentiality obligations similar
to those set forth in this Section. Disclosure of any confidential information by the staff members or agencies hired by any Party
shall be deemed disclosure of such confidential information by such Party
 which Party shall be held liable for breach of this
Agreement. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.








 effectiveness
 construction
 performance
amendment and termination of this Agreement and the resolution of disputes hereunder shall be governed by the laws of China.




and performance of this Agreement
 the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations. In the event the
Parties fail to reach an agreement on the dispute within 30 days after either Party&rsquo;s request to the other Parties for resolution
of the dispute through negotiations
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Southern China Commission of China International
Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted
in Shenzhen
 and the language used in arbitration shall be Chinese. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on all Parties.


    
    





construction and performance of this Agreement or during the pending arbitration of any dispute
 except for the matters under dispute
the Parties to this Agreement shall continue to exercise their respective rights under this Agreement and perform their respective
obligations under this Agreement.








to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 by a commercial
courier service to the address of such party set forth below. A confirmation copy of each notice shall also be sent by E-mail.
The dates on which notices shall be deemed to have been effectively given shall be determined as follows:



 by courier service
or by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of acceptance or refusal at the address specified
for notices.




contact person
 a notice shall be delivered to the other Parties in accordance with the terms hereof.


    
    









of this Agreement are found to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws or regulations
 the
validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or compromised in any
respect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions with effective provisions
that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic effect of such effective
provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions.








part of this Agreement.








have duly executed this Agreement.




 changes and supplements to this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall become effective after the affixation of the signatures or seals of the Parties.




three copies. Pledger
 Pledgee and Party C shall hold one copy respectively. Each copy of this Agreement shall have equal validity.
In case there is any conflict between the Chinese version and the English version
 the Chinese version shall prevail.



The Remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank


    
    





 the Parties have caused
their authorized representatives to execute this Equity Pledge Agreement as of the date first above written.


Party A:&nbsp;&nbsp;Lucky Sky Petrochemical
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. 




    


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Party B:&#9;Shenzhen Jiamingrui
New Agriculture Co.
 Ltd. 



    


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



&#21488;&#23665;&#24066;&#29287;&#20161;&#20892;&#19994;&#26377;&#38480;&#20844;&#21496;
Party C: Taishan Muren Agriculture Co.
Ltd. 




    


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    










Agriculture Co.
Ltd.;





Muren Agriculture Co.
Ltd.;
























 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20
 2019
 BY AND AMONG LUCKY SKY PETROCHEMICAL
 SHENZHEN JIAMINGRUI NEW AGRICULTURE CO.
 LTD. AND TAISHAN MUREN



     











is executed by and among the following Parties as of December 20
 2019 in Xianning
 the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (&ldquo;China&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;):



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
3/F
 Building 2
 Golden Bay
 Group 1
 Huangfan Village
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Shenzhen Jiamingrui New Agriculture Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
Suite 1104F
 Building 1
 Meinian Plaza
 West
Nanhai Avenue
 Nanshan District
 Shenzhen

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Taishan Muren Agriculture Co.
Ltd.

    
    
No.216
 Nanfeng Village
 Haiyan Overseas Chinese Farm
 Taishan City





 each of Party A
 Party
B and Party C shall be referred to as a &ldquo;Party&rdquo; respectively
 and they shall be collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo;.




interest in Party C. Party A and Party C have executed a Consultation and Service Agreement
 Business Cooperation Agreement and
other control agreements (the &ldquo;Control Agreements&rdquo;).




 upon mutual discussion and
negotiation
 the Parties have reached the following agreement:


    
    




Sale and Purchase of Equity
Interest








1 by Party A
 the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged by Party B
 Party B hereby irrevocably agrees that
 on the
condition that it is permitted by the PRC laws
 Party A has the right to require Party B to fulfill and complete all approval and
registration procedures required under PRC laws for Party A to purchase
 or designate one or more persons (each
 a &ldquo;Designee&rdquo;)
to purchase
 Party B&rsquo;s equity interests in Party C
 once or at multiple times at any time in part or in whole at Party A&rsquo;s
sole and absolute discretion and at the price described in Section 1.3 herein (such right being the &ldquo;Equity Interest Purchase
Option&rdquo;). Party A&rsquo;s Equity Interest Purchase Option shall be exclusive. Except for Party A and the Designee(s)
 no
other person shall be entitled to the Equity Interest Purchase Option or other rights with respect to the equity interests of Party
B. Party C hereby agrees to the grant by Party B of the Equity Interest Purchase Option to Party A. The term &ldquo;person&rdquo;
as used herein shall refer to individuals
 corporations
 partnerships
 partners
 enterprises
 trusts or non-corporate organizations.




Option




regulations of China
 Party A may exercise the Equity Interest Purchase Option by issuing a written notice to Party B (the &ldquo;Equity
Interest Purchase Option Notice&rdquo;)
 specifying: (a) Party A&rsquo;s decision to exercise the Equity Interest Purchase Option;
(b) the portion of equity interests to be purchased from Party B (the &ldquo;Optioned Interests&rdquo;); and (c) the date for purchasing
the Optioned Interests and/or the date for transfer of the Optioned Interests.


    
    









(the &ldquo;Base Price&rdquo;) shall be shall be the lowest price allowed by the laws of China. If appraisal is required by the
laws of China at the time when Party A exercises the Equity Interest Purchase Option
 the Parties shall negotiate in good faith
and based on the appraisal result make necessary adjustment to the Equity Interest Purchase Price so that it complies with any
and all then applicable laws of China (collectively
 the &ldquo;Equity Interest Purchase Price&rdquo;). When the price is higher
than the registered capital of Party C
 calculated pro rata for purchase of less than all of the Equity Interest
 the excessive
part of the price shall be returned to Party A or its designee in a manner as instructed by Party A.








Purchase Option:




convene a shareholders&rsquo; meeting
 at which a resolution shall be adopted approving Party B&rsquo;s transfer of the Optioned
Interests to Party A and/or the Designee(s);




from the other shareholders of Party C giving consent to the transfer of the equity interest to Party A and/or the Designee(s)
and waiving any right of first refusal related thereto.




contract with respect to each transfer with Party A and/or each Designee (whichever is applicable)
 in accordance with the provisions
of this Agreement and the Equity Interest Purchase Option Notice regarding the Optioned Interests;


    
    





other necessary contracts
 agreements or documents
 obtain all necessary government licenses and permits and take all necessary
actions to transfer valid ownership of the Optioned Interests to Party A and/or the Designee(s)
 unencumbered by any security interests
and cause Party A and/or the Designee(s) to become the registered owner(s) of the Optioned Interests. For the purpose of this Section
and this Agreement
 &ldquo;security interests&rdquo; shall include securities
 mortgages
 third party&rsquo;s rights or interests
any stock options
 acquisition right
 right of first refusal
 right to offset
 ownership retention or other security arrangements
but shall be deemed to exclude any security interest created by this Agreement and Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement. &ldquo;Party
B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement&rdquo; as used in this Section and this Agreement shall refer to the Equity Pledge Agreement
(&ldquo;Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement&rdquo;) executed by and among Party A
 Party B and Party C as of the date hereof
whereby Party B pledges all of its equity interests in Party C to Party A
 in order to guarantee Party C&rsquo;s performance of
its obligations under the Control Agreements executed by and between Party C and Party A.












and Party C hereby covenant as follows:




A
 they shall not in any manner supplement
 change or amend the articles of association and bylaws of Party C
 increase or decrease
its registered capital
 or change its structure of registered capital in other manners;


    
    





existence in accordance with good financial and business standards and practices by prudently and effectively operating its business
and handling its affairs;




A
 they shall not at any time following the date hereof
 sell
 transfer
 mortgage or dispose of in any manner any assets of Party
C or legal or beneficial interest in the business or revenues of Party C
 or allow the encumbrance thereon of any security interest;




A
 they shall not incur
 inherit
 guarantee or suffer the existence of any debt
 except for (i) debts incurred in the ordinary
course of business other than through loans; and (ii) debts disclosed to Party A for which Party A&rsquo;s written consent has
been obtained;




C&rsquo;s businesses during the ordinary course of business to maintain the asset value of Party C and refrain from any action/omission
that may affect Party C&rsquo;s operating status and asset value;


000&#20803;&#65292;&#21363;&#34987;&#35270;&#20026;&#37325;&#22823;&#21512;&#21516;)&#65307;


A
 they shall not cause Party C to execute any major contract
 except the contracts in the ordinary course of business (for purpose
of this subsection
 a contract with a price exceeding RMB 100
000 shall be deemed a major contract);




A
 they shall not cause Party C to provide any person with any loan or credit;


    
    





on Party C&rsquo;s business operations and financial condition at Party A&rsquo;s request;




 they shall procure
and maintain insurance in respect of Party C&rsquo;s assets and business from an insurance carrier acceptable to Party A
 at an
amount and type of coverage typical for companies that operate similar businesses;




A
 they shall not cause or permit Party C to merge
 consolidate with
 acquire or invest in any person;




the occurrence or possible occurrence of any litigation
 arbitration or administrative proceedings relating to Party C&rsquo;s
assets
 business or revenue;




all of its assets
 they shall execute all necessary or appropriate documents
 take all necessary or appropriate actions and file
all necessary or appropriate complaints or raise necessary and appropriate defenses against all claims;




A
 they shall ensure that Party C shall not in any manner distribute dividends to its shareholders
 provided that upon Party A&rsquo;s
written request
 Party C shall immediately distribute all distributable profits to its shareholders; and




 they shall appoint
any persons designated by Party A as directors of Party C; without the prior written consent of Party A
 they shall not replace
the directors of Party C.


    
    













A
 Party B shall not sell
 transfer
 mortgage or dispose of in any other manner any legal or beneficial interest in the equity
interests in Party C held by Party B
 or allow the encumbrance thereon of any security interest
 except for the pledge placed on
these equity interests in accordance with Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement;




meeting and/or the board of directors of Party C not to approve the sale
 transfer
 mortgage or disposition in any other manner
of any legal or beneficial interest in the equity interests in Party C held by Party B
 or allow the encumbrance thereon of any
security interest
 without the prior written consent of Party A
 except for the pledge placed on these equity interests in accordance
with Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement;




meeting or the board of directors of Party C not to approve the merger or consolidation with any person
 or the acquisition of
or investment in any person
 without the prior written consent of Party A;




A of the occurrence or possible occurrence of any litigation
 arbitration or administrative proceedings relating to the equity
interests in Party C held by Party B;




meeting or the board of directors of Party C to vote their approval of the transfer of the Optioned Interests as set forth in this
Agreement and to take any and all other actions that may be requested by Party A;


    
    





B&rsquo;s ownership in Party C
 Party B shall execute all necessary or appropriate documents
 take all necessary or appropriate
actions and file all necessary or appropriate complaints or raise necessary and appropriate defenses against all claims;




A as director and/or executive director of Party C
 at the request of Party A; without the prior written consent of Party A
 they
shall not replace the directors of Party C;




as Party A may request from time to time
 to authorize Party A and/or the individual designated by Party A to exercise Party B&rsquo;s
voting rights as a shareholder in Party C.




Party B shall promptly and unconditionally transfer its equity interests in Party C to Party A&rsquo;s Designee(s) in accordance
with the Equity Interest Purchase Option under this Agreement
 and Party B hereby waives its right of first refusal to the respective
share transfer by the other existing shareholder of Party C (if any); and




of this Agreement and other contracts jointly or separately executed by and among Party B
 Party C and Party A
 perform the obligations
hereunder and thereunder
 and refrain from any action/omission that may affect the effectiveness and enforceability thereof. If
Party B retains any additional rights other than those rights provided for under this Agreement
 Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge
Agreement and the powers of attorney issued to Party A and/or the individual designated by Party A
 Party B shall not exercise
such rights without Party A&rsquo;s written direction.


    
    









warrant to Party A
 jointly and severally
 as of the date of this Agreement that:




deliver this Agreement and any share transfer contracts to which they are parties concerning the Optioned Interests to be transferred
thereunder (each
 a &ldquo;Transfer Contract&rdquo;)
 and to perform their obligations under this Agreement and any Transfer Contracts.
Party B and Party C agree to enter into Transfer Contracts consistent with the terms of this Agreement upon Party A&rsquo;s exercise
of the Equity Interest Purchase Option. This Agreement and the Transfer Contracts to which they are parties constitute or will
constitute their legal
 valid and binding obligations and shall be enforceable against them in accordance with the provisions thereof;




or any Transfer Contracts and the obligations under this Agreement or any Transfer Contracts shall not: (i) cause any violation
of any applicable laws of China; (ii) be inconsistent with the articles of association
 bylaws or other organizational documents
of Party C; (iii) cause the violation of any contracts or instruments to which they are a party or which are binding on them
 or
constitute any breach under any contracts or instruments to which they are a party or which are binding on them; (iv) cause any
violation of any condition for the grant and/or continued effectiveness of any licenses or permits issued to either of them; or
(v) cause the suspension or revocation of or imposition of additional conditions to any licenses or permits issued to either of
them;




to the equity interests in Party C he holds. Except for Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement
 Party B has not placed any security
interest on such equity interests;


    
    





to all of its assets
 and has not placed any security interest on the aforementioned assets;




except for (i) debt incurred in the ordinary course of business; and (ii) debts disclosed to Party A for which Party A&rsquo;s
written consent has been obtained.




regulations of China applicable to equity or asset acquisitions; and




arbitration or administrative proceedings relating to the equity interests in Party C
 assets of Party C or Party C.








the date hereof
 and remain effective until all the equity interest owned by Party B in Party C has been legally transferred to
Party A or the Designee(s) in accordance with this Agreement.










    
    





 effectiveness
 construction
performance
 amendment and termination of this Agreement and the resolution of disputes hereunder shall be governed by the formally
published and publicly available laws of China. Matters not covered by formally published and publicly available laws of China
shall be governed by international legal principles and practices.








to the construction and performance of this Agreement
 the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations.
In the event the Parties fail to reach an agreement on the dispute within 30 days after either Party&rsquo;s request to the other
Parties for resolution of the dispute through negotiations
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Southern China
Commission of China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration
Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in Shenzhen
 and the language used in arbitration shall be Chinese. The arbitration award
shall be final and binding on all Parties.








and registration tax
 expenses and fees incurred thereby or levied thereon in accordance with the laws of China in connection with
the preparation and execution of this Agreement and the Transfer Contracts
 as well as the consummation of the transactions contemplated
under this Agreement and the Transfer Contracts.


    
    









or permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail
 postage prepaid
by a commercial courier service to the address of such Party set forth below. A confirmation copy of each notice shall also be
sent by email. The dates on which notices shall be deemed to have been effectively given shall be determined as follows:




 by
courier service or by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of acceptance or refusal
at the address specified for notices.




or its contact person
 a notice shall be delivered to the other Party in accordance with the terms hereof.








and the terms of this Agreement and any oral or written information exchanged between the Parties in connection with the preparation
and performance this Agreement are regarded as confidential information. Each Party shall maintain confidentiality of all such
confidential information
 and without obtaining the written consent of the other Party
 it shall not disclose any relevant confidential
information to any third parties
 except for the information that: (a) is or will be in the public domain (other than through the
receiving Party&rsquo;s unauthorized disclosure); (b) is under the obligation to be disclosed pursuant to the applicable laws or
regulations
 rules of any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities; or (c) is required to be disclosed
by any Party to its shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors regarding the transaction contemplated hereunder
provided that such shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors shall be bound by the confidentiality obligations
similar to those set forth in this Section. Disclosure of any confidential information by the staff members or agencies hired by
any Party shall be deemed disclosure of such confidential information by such Party
 which Party shall be held liable for breach
of this Agreement. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.


    
    









that are reasonably required for or are conducive to the implementation of the provisions and purposes of this Agreement and take
further actions that are reasonably required for or are conducive to the implementation of the provisions and purposes of this
Agreement.








 change and supplement




 change and supplement to
this Agreement shall require the execution of a written agreement by all of the Parties.








 supplements
or changes in writing executed after the execution of this Agreement
 this Agreement shall constitute the entire agreement reached
by and among the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof
 and shall supercede all prior oral and written consultations
representations and contracts reached with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.


    
    









convenience only
 and shall not be used to interpret
 explain or otherwise affect the meanings of the provisions of this Agreement.








and English language in three copies
 each Party having one copy with equal legal validity; in case there is any conflict between
the Chinese version and the English version
 the Chinese version shall prevail.








provisions of this Agreement are found to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws or regulations
the validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or compromised in
any respect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions with effective
provisions that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic effect of
such effective provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions.






    
    





shall inure to the interest of the respective successors of the Parties and the permitted assigns of such Parties.








of this Agreement
 provided that such a waiver must be provided in writing and shall require the signatures of the Parties. No
waiver by any Party in certain circumstances with respect to a breach by other Parties shall operate as a waiver by such a Party
with respect to any similar breach in other circumstances.








due as a result of this Agreement upon the expiration or early termination of this Agreement shall survive the expiration or early
termination thereof.




 7
 8 and
this Section 10.8 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.






&#19979;&#30340;&#20219;&#20309;&#19968;&#39033;&#20041;&#21153;&#65292;&#21363;&#26500;&#25104;&#26412;&#21512;&#21516;&#39033;&#19979;&#30340;&#36829;&#32422;&#65288;&#20197;&#19979;&#31216;&rdquo;&#36829;&#32422;&rdquo;&#65289;&#65292;&#23432;&#32422;&#26041;&#26377;&#26435;&#35201;&#27714;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#22312;&#21512;&#29702;&#26399;&#38480;&#20869;&#34917;&#27491;&#25110;&#37319;&#21462;&#34917;&#25937;&#25514;&#26045;&#12290;&#22914;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#22312;&#21512;&#29702;&#26399;&#38480;&#20869;&#25110;&#22312;&#23432;&#32422;&#26041;&#20070;&#38754;&#36890;&#30693;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#24182;&#25552;&#20986;&#34917;&#27491;&#35201;&#27714;&#21518;&#21313;&#65288;10&#65289;&#22825;&#20869;&#20173;&#26410;&#34917;&#27491;&#25110;&#37319;&#21462;&#34917;&#25937;&#25514;&#26045;&#30340;&#65292;&#21017;&#23432;&#32422;&#26041;&#26377;&#26435;&#33258;&#34892;&#20915;&#23450;&#36873;&#25321;&#20197;&#19979;&#30340;&#20219;&#19968;&#31181;&#36829;&#32422;&#25937;&#27982;&#26041;&#24335;&#65306;&#65288;1&#65289;&#32456;&#27490;&#26412;&#21512;&#21516;&#65292;&#24182;&#35201;&#27714;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#32473;&#20104;&#20840;&#37096;&#30340;&#25439;&#23475;&#36180;&#20607;&#65307;&#65288;2&#65289;&#35201;&#27714;&#24378;&#21046;&#23653;&#34892;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#22312;&#26412;&#21512;&#21516;&#39033;&#19979;&#30340;&#20041;&#21153;&#65292;&#24182;&#35201;&#27714;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#32473;&#20104;&#20840;&#37096;&#30340;&#25439;&#23475;&#36180;&#20607;&#65307;&#25110;&#32773;&#65288;3&#65289;&#25353;&#29031;&#20057;&#26041;&#32929;&#26435;&#36136;&#25276;&#21512;&#21516;&#30340;&#32422;&#23450;&#20197;&#36136;&#25276;&#32929;&#26435;&#25240;&#20215;&#65292;&#25293;&#21334;&#25110;&#32773;&#21464;&#21334;&#65292;&#24182;&#20197;&#25240;&#20215;&#12289;&#25293;&#21334;&#25110;&#32773;&#21464;&#21334;&#30340;&#20215;&#27454;&#20248;&#20808;&#21463;&#20607;&#65292;&#24182;&#35201;&#27714;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#25215;&#25285;&#30001;&#27492;&#36896;&#25104;&#30340;&#20840;&#37096;&#25439;&#22833;&#65307;


 if
&rdquo;) is in material breach of any provisions herein or fails to perform any obligations
hereunder in any material respect
&rdquo;)
which shall entitle non-defaulting Party to request Defaulting Party to rectify or remedy such Default with a reasonable period
of time. If the Defaulting Party fails to rectify or remedy such Default within the reasonable period of time or within 10 days
of non-defaulting Party&rsquo;s written notice requesting for such rectification or remedy
 the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled
to elect any one of the following remedial actions: (a) to terminate this Agreement and request the Defaulting Party to fully compensate
its losses and damages; (b) to request the specific performance by the Defaulting Party of its obligations hereunder and request
the Defaulting Party to fully compensate non-defaulting Party&rsquo;s losses and damages; or (c) to enforce the pledge under the
Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement by selling
 auctioning or exchanging the pledged equity thereunder and receive payment
in priority from the proceeds derived therefrom
 and in the meantime
 request the Defaulting Party to fully compensate non-defaulting
Party for any losses as a result thereof.




this Agreement shall be accumulative and shall not affect any other rights and remedies stipulated at law.



The Remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank


    
    





 the Parties have caused
their authorized representatives to execute this Equity Option Agreement as of the date first above written.


Party A:&nbsp;&nbsp;Lucky Sky Petrochemical
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Party B: Shenzhen Jiamingrui
New Agriculture Co.
 Ltd. 



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



&#21488;&#23665;&#24066;&#29287;&#20161;&#20892;&#19994;&#26377;&#38480;&#20844;&#21496;
Party C: Taishan Muren Agriculture Co.
Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
















 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20
 2019
 BY AND AMONG LUCKY SKY PETROCHEMICAL
 SHENZHEN JIAMINGRUI NEW AGRICULTURE CO.
 LTD. AND TAISHAN MUREN



     







Voting Rights Proxy and Financial Supporting
Agreement




(the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) is made in Xianning
 China on December 20
 2019 among the following parties:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Shenzhen Jiamingrui New Agricuture Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Entrusting Party&rdquo;)

    
    
Suite 1104F
 Building 1
 Meinian Plaza
 West Nanhai Avenue
 Nanshan District
 Shenzhen

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Designee&rdquo;

    
    
3/F
 Building 2
 Golden Bay
 Group 1
 Huangfan Village
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Taishan Muren Agriculture Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
No.216
 Nanfeng Village
 Haiyan overseas Chinese Farm
 Taishan City





 each of Party A
 Party B and Party C shall
be referred to as a &ldquo;Party&rdquo; respectively
 and they shall be collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo;.)








 the shareholders of Party C
collectively own 100% of the equity interest in Party C in record.




entrust Party B or Party B&rsquo;s designee to vote on his or her behalf at the shareholders&rsquo; meeting of Party C
 and Party
B is willing to accept such proxy on behalf of Entrusting Party.


    
    





 the Parties hereby agree as follows:








he/she shall execute the Power of Attorney (&ldquo;POA&rdquo;) set forth in Exhibit A upon signing this Agreement and entrust Party
B or Party B&rsquo;s designee (&ldquo;Designee&rdquo;) to exercise all his or her rights as the shareholders of Party C under the
Articles of Association of Party C
 including without limitation to:




with the Articles of Association of Party C and attend shareholders&rsquo; meetings of Party C as the agent and attorney of Entrusting
Party;




respect to all matters to be discussed and voted in the shareholders&rsquo; meeting of Party C
 including but not limited to designate
and appoint the director
 the chief executive officer and other senior management members of Party C;




entitled to under the laws of China promulgated from time to time; and




entitled to under the Articles of Association of Party C amended from time to time;




    
    



forth in Clause 1.1. Upon receipt of the written notice of change of Designee from Party B
 the Entrusting Party shall immediately
entrust such person to exercise the rights set forth in Clause 1.1. Except the aforesaid situation
 the proxy shall be irrevocable
and continuously valid.




all the actions associated with the proxy conducted by the Designee.




 Designee is entitled
to exercise all proxy rights without the consent of Entrusting Party.








 the Designee is
entitled to request relevant information of Party C and inspect the materials of Party C. Party C shall provide appropriate assistance
to the Designee for his/her work.




inform Party B once the proxy matter happens.








to the Designee for the performance of proxy rights provided in this Agreement
 including signing and executing the shareholders&rsquo;
resolution and other relevant legal documents (if applicable) which have been confirmed by the Designee.


    
    





of this Agreement are found to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws or regulations
 the
validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or compromised in any
aspect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions with effective provisions
that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic effect of such effective
provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions.







rights by the Entrusting Party
 Party B agrees to arrange for funds to be provided as necessary to Party C in connection with the
business (the &ldquo;Financial Support&rdquo;). Party B further agrees that should the business fails in the ordinary course of
business
 and as a result Party C is unable to repay the Financial Support
 the Party C shall have no repayment obligation.







to Party B as follows:




to enter into this Agreement and perform his or her obligations under this Agreement and in executing the POA; This Agreement and
the POA constitute legal
 valid
 binding and enforceable obligation of each Entrusting Party.


    
    





for the execution and delivery of this Agreement
 and the execution
 delivery and performance of this Agreement will not conflict
with or violate any and all constitutional documents of Party C.




and beneficial owner of the shares of Party C
 and none of the shares held by the Entrusting Party is subject to any encumbrance
or other restrictions
 except as otherwise provided under the Equity Pledge Agreement and Equity Option Agreement entered into
by and between Party B
 Party C and the Entrusting Party. According to this Agreement
 the Designee has full power and legal rights
to exercise the proxy rights according to the Articles of Association of Party C.








existing in accordance with the laws of China and has independent legal person status
 and has full and independent civil and legal
capacity to execute
 deliver and perform this Agreement. It can sue and be sued as a separate entity;




obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution
and performance of this Agreement. Party C&rsquo;s execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements
under any law or regulation binding on Party C.




and beneficial owner of the shares of Party C
 and none of the shares held by the Entrusting Party is subject to any encumbrance
or other restrictions
 except as otherwise provided under the Equity Pledge Agreement and Equity Option Agreement entered into
by and between Party B
 Party C and the Entrusting Party. According to this Agreement
 the Designee has full power and legal rights
to exercise the proxy rights according to the Articles of Association of Party C.


    
    









hereof with a term of thirty (30) years. The Parties agree that
 this Agreement can be extended only if Party B gives its written
consent of the extension of this Agreement before the expiration of this Agreement and the other Parties shall agree with this
extension without reserve.




her equity interests in Party C subject to the prior consent of Party B
 the obligations and warranties under this Agreement of
the Entrusting Party shall be undertaken by the assignee.









permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered in written.




 by courier service
or by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of acceptance or refusal at the address specified
for notices. Notices given by facsimile transmission shall be deemed effectively given on the date of successful transmission (as
evidenced by an automatically generated confirmation of transmission).


    
    








terms of this Agreement and any oral or written information exchanged between the Parties in connection with the preparation and
performance this Agreement are regarded as confidential information. Each Party shall maintain confidentiality of all such confidential
information
 and without obtaining the written consent of the other Party
 it shall not disclose any relevant confidential information
to any third parties
 except for the information that: (a) is or will be in the public domain (other than through the receiving
Party&rsquo;s unauthorized disclosure); (b) is under the obligation to be disclosed pursuant to the applicable laws or regulations
rules of any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities; or (c) is required to be disclosed by any
Party to its shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors regarding the transaction contemplated hereunder
 provided
that such shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors shall be bound by the confidentiality obligations similar
to those set forth in this Section. Disclosure of any confidential information by the staff members or agencies hired by any Party
shall be deemed disclosure of such confidential information by such Party
 which Party shall be held liable for breach of this
Agreement. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.








 if either Party
is in breach of any provisions herein or fails to perform its obligations hereunder
 such breach or failure shall constitute a
default under this Agreement
 which shall entitle the non-defaulting Party to request the defaulting Party to rectify or remedy
such default with a reasonable period of time. If the defaulting Party fails to rectify or remedy such default within the reasonable
period of time or within 10 days of non-defaulting Party&rsquo;s written notice requesting for such rectification or remedy
 then
the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled to elect the following remedial actions:


    
    





Party C
 then Party B has the right to terminate this Agreement and request the defaulting Party to fully compensate its losses
and damages;




 then the non-defaulting
Party has the right to request the defaulting Party to fully compensate its losses and damages
 but in no circumstance shall the
non-defaulting Party early terminate this Agreement unless the applicable law provides otherwise.




the validity of this Section shall not be affect by the suspension or termination of this Agreement.









language bearing the same legal effect. In the event of any inconsistency between the Chinese and English language
 the Chinese
version of this Agreement shall prevail. This Agreement shall have three counterparts
 with each party holding one original. All
counterparts shall be given the same legal effect.




 effectiveness
 interpretation
 performance
amendment
 termination and dispute resolution shall be governed by the law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China.




Agreement
 the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations. In the event the Parties fail to reach an
agreement on the dispute
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Southern Commission of China International Economic
and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted
in Shenzhen. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on all Parties.


    
    





shall be accumulative and shall not affect any other rights and remedies stipulated at law.




Agreement
 provided that such a waiver must be provided in writing and shall require the signatures of the Parties. No waiver by
any Party in certain circumstances with respect to a breach by other Parties shall operate as a waiver by such a Party with respect
to any similar breach in other circumstances.




only
 and shall not be used to interpret
 explain or otherwise affect the meanings of the provisions of this Agreement.




 change and supplement to this Agreement
shall require the execution of a written agreement by all of the Parties.




 other
Parties shall not assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party. Entrusting Party and Party C agrees
that Party B may assign its obligations and rights under this Agreement to any third party upon a prior written notice to Entrusting
Party and Party C.



of each Party.



The Remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank


    
    






 the Parties have caused
their authorized representatives to execute this Voting Rights Proxy and Financial Supporting Agreement as of the date first above
written.


Party A:&#9;Shenzhen Jiamingrui
New Agriculture Co.
 Ltd. 



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Party B:&nbsp;&nbsp;Lucky Sky Petrochemical
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



&#21488;&#23665;&#24066;&#29287;&#20161;&#20892;&#19994;&#26377;&#38480;&#20844;&#21496;
Party C: Taishan Muren Agriculture Co.
Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    










&nbsp;(&ldquo;&#21463;&#25176;&#20154;&rdquo;)&#22312;&#26412;&#25480;&#26435;&#22996;&#25176;&#20070;&#30340;&#26377;&#25928;&#26399;&#20869;&#34892;&#20351;&#22914;&#19979;&#26435;&#21033;&#65306;


 Ltd.
 a
Chinese company with Chinese Business License No.: 914403006766903551 and a holder of 100% of the entire registered capital in
Taishan Muren Agriculture Co.
Ltd. (&ldquo;My Shareholding&rdquo;)
 hereby irrevocably authorize Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology
(Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Designee&rdquo;) to exercise the following rights relating to My Shareholding during the term of this
Power of Attorney:




on behalf of myself as my exclusive agent and attorney with respect to all matters concerning My Shareholding
 including without
limitation to: 1) attend shareholders&rsquo; meetings of Taishan Muren Agriculture Co.
Ltd.; 2) exercise all the shareholder&rsquo;s
rights and shareholder&rsquo;s voting rights I am entitled to under the laws of China and Articles of Association of Taishan Muren
Agriculture Co.
Ltd.
 including but not limited to the sale or transfer or pledge or disposition of My Shareholding in part or
in whole; and 3) designate and appoint on behalf of myself the legal representative (chairperson)
 the director
 the supervisor
the chief executive officer and other senior management members of Taishan Muren Agriculture Co.
Ltd.




granted hereunder
 the Designee shall have the power and authority under this Power of Attorney to execute the Transfer Contracts
stipulated in Share Disposal Agreement
 to which I am required to be a party
 on behalf of myself
 and to effect the terms of the
Equity Pledge Agreement and Equity Option Agreement
 both dated the date hereof
 to which I am a party.




My Shareholding conducted by the Designee shall be deemed as my own actions
 and all the documents related to My Shareholding executed
by the Designee shall be deemed to be executed by me. I hereby acknowledge and ratify those actions and/or documents by the Designee.


    
    





(Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. issues an instruction to me to change the Designee
 this Power of Attorney is coupled with an interest and
shall be irrevocable and continuously valid from the date of execution of this Power of Attorney
 so long as I am a shareholder
of Taishan Muren Agriculture Co.
Ltd.




I hereby waive all the rights associated with My Shareholding
 which have been authorized to the Designee through this Power of
Attorney
 and shall not exercise such rights by myself.




and English; in case there is any conflict between the Chinese version and the English version
 the Chinese version shall prevail.


Shenzhen Jiamingrui New
Agriculture Co.
 Ltd.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2019















 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20
 2019
 BY AND BETWEEN LUCKY SKY PETROCHEMICAL AND XIANNING BOZHUANG



     












Services Agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) is entered into as of December 20
 2019 in Xianning
 China between the following
two parties:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
3/F
 Building 2
 Golden Bay
 Group 1
 Huangfan Village
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
No. 60
 Fazhan Road
 Zhanggong Industry Park
 Xianan District
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province
 China 437000










in China
 and has the necessary resources to provide management and consulting services;




registered in China and needs Party A&rsquo;s support and services during its business.




 through friendly consultation
 Party A and Party
B hereby agree to enter into and perform this Agreement.


    
    









to Party B in the area of fund
 human
 management and intellectual properties
 and Party B hereby agrees to accept such management
consultation and services in accordance with the terms and conditions under this Agreement. The management consultation and services
provided by Party A include:




the staff of Party B;




regarding the marketing of Party B;




relating to the management and operation of Party B&rsquo;s business;




services which are necessary for Party B&rsquo;s businesses.




A for its work
 including but not limited to providing the relevant data
 requirement and directions.


    
    





Parties agree that
 this Agreement can be extended only if Party A gives its written consent of the extension of this Agreement
before the expiration of this Agreement and Party B shall agree with this extension without reserve. If Party B&rsquo;s operation
term is required to extended
 Party B shall use its best efforts to renew its business license and extend its operation term until
and unless otherwise instructed in Party A&rsquo;s prior written notice.




provider of Party B; Party B shall not utilize third party to provide services which are same as or similar with Party A&rsquo;s
services and shall not establish similar corporation relationship with any third party regarding the matters contemplated by this
Agreement without the prior written consent of Party A. Party A may appoint other parties to provide Party B with the consultations
and/or services under this Agreement.








 Party B shall pay relevant
services fees to Party A which shall be determined according to the Appendix of this Agreement. This Appendix can be amended by
the Parties in considering the circumstances.


    
    









Party A shall be the sole and exclusive owner of all rights and interests to any and all intellectual property rights arising from
the performance of this Agreement
 including
 but not limited to
 any copyrights
 patent
 know-how and otherwise
 whether developed
by Party A or Party B. Party B shall execute all appropriate documents
 take all appropriate actions
 submit all filings and/or
applications
 render all appropriate assistance and otherwise conduct whatever is necessary as deemed by Party A in its sole discretion
for the purposes of vesting any ownership
 right or interest of any such intellectual property rights in Party A
 and/or perfecting
the protections for any such intellectual property rights in Party A. The Parties agree that this Section shall survive changes
to
 and rescission or termination of
 this Agreement.




 Confidential Information
includes
 but not limited to
 (i) technical information
 materials
 program
 drawing
 data
 parameter
 standard
 software
 computer
program
 web design in connection with the development
 design
 research
 produce and maintenance of technology disclosed by one
Party to the other Party; (ii) any contracts
 agreement
 memo
 annexes
 draft or record (including this Agreement) entered into
by the Parties for the purpose of this Agreement; and (iii) any information designated to be proprietary or confidential when it
is disclosed by one Party to the other Party. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement
 Party B shall
 return all and any
documents
 materials or software contained any of such Confidential Information to Party A or destroy it
 delete all of such Confidential
Information from memory devices
 and cease to use them.




to any third party in any way without the other Party&rsquo;s prior written consent.


    
    





to its employees
 agents or consultant who must know such information
 subject to such employees
 agents or consultant being bound
by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as this Section 3.




 Confidential Information
shall not be deemed to include the following information:




the receiving Party&rsquo;s unauthorized disclosure); or




the applicable laws or regulations
 rules of any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities
 in which
case the receiving Party will promptly notify the disclosing Party
 and will take reasonable and lawful steps to minimize the extent
of the disclosure.




this Section shall indemnity all losses of the other Party.












and validly existing in accordance with the laws of China.


    
    





obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution
and performance of this Agreement. Party A&rsquo;s execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements
under any law or regulation binding on Party A.




 valid
and binding obligations
 enforceable in accordance with its terms.








existing in accordance with the laws of China and has obtained the relevant permit and license for engaging in its business in
a timely manner. It has independent legal person status
 and has full and independent civil and legal capacity to execute
 deliver
and perform this Agreement. It can sue and be sued as a separate entity;




obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution
and performance of this Agreement. Party B&rsquo;s execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements
under any law or regulation binding on Party B.




 valid
and binding obligations
 enforceable in accordance with its terms.


    
    









 if either Party
is in breach of any provisions herein or fails to perform its obligations hereunder
 such breach or failure shall constitute a
default under this Agreement
 which shall entitle the non-defaulting Party to request the defaulting Party to rectify or remedy
such default with a reasonable period of time. If the defaulting Party fails to rectify or remedy such default within the reasonable
period of time or within 30 days of non-defaulting Party&rsquo;s written notice requesting for such rectification or remedy
 then
the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled to elect any one of the following remedial actions: (a) to terminate this Agreement
and request the defaulting Party to fully compensate its losses and damages; (b) to request the specific performance by the defaulting
Party of its obligations hereunder and request the defaulting Party to fully compensate all losses and damages of the non-defaulting
Party.




shall be valid unless it was made in writing. Any failure to exercise or delay in exercising any rights or remedy by any Party
under this Agreement shall not be deemed as a waiver of such Party. Any partial exercise of any right or remedy shall not affect
the exercise of any other rights and remedies.




 the Parties agree
and confirm that in no circumstance shall Party B early terminate this Agreement unless the applicable law provides otherwise or
it has obtained the prior written consent of Party A.




the suspension or termination of this Agreement.


    
    









 &ldquo;Force Majeure&rdquo; will
mean war
 earthquake and other events which are unforeseen
 inevitable and beyond the control of the Party.




the impossibility to further perform this Agreement
 the Parties agree that the suffering party will waive any liability to the
other party for any loss that result from any such Force Majeure
 provided that the suffering party shall continue to perform this
Agreement after the Force Majeure.








a written agreement is signed by both Parties.




 unless Party A commits gross
negligence
 or a fraudulent act
 against Party B
 Party B shall not terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration date. Nevertheless
Party A shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon giving 30 days&rsquo; prior written notice to Party B at any time.




 if any Party is going into
liquidation (either voluntary or compulsory)
 or is prohibited to conduct business by the governmental authority
 the other Party
shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement. The termination notice shall come into force upon the notice is sent.




the exercise of any other remedies under this Agreement. Except when it may be exempted from liability according to law
 the Party
that is held responsible shall compensate the other Party for all losses and damages thus caused by such amendment or termination.


    
    









 effectiveness
 interpretation
 performance
 amendment
termination and dispute resolution shall be governed by the law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China.




the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations. In the event the Parties fail to reach an agreement
on the dispute
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Southern China Commission of China International Economic and
Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in Shenzhen&#65292;and
the language used in arbitration shall be Chinese. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on all Parties.




and performance of this Agreement or during the pending arbitration of any dispute
 except for the matters under dispute
 the Parties
to this Agreement shall continue to exercise their respective rights under this Agreement and perform their respective obligations
under this Agreement.








be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 by a commercial
courier service to the address of such Party set forth below. A confirmation copy of each notice shall also be sent by email. The
dates on which notices shall be deemed to have been effectively given shall be determined as follows:


    
    





 by courier service or by
registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of acceptance or refusal at the address specified
for notices.




or its contact person
 a notice shall be delivered to the other Party in accordance with the terms hereof.








Party B shall not assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party.




obligations and rights under this Agreement to any third party upon a prior written notice to Party B but without the consent of
Party B.








and from the date on which it is signed by the authorized representative and seal of each Party.


    
    





shall be in writing. The amendment agreements and supplementary agreements that have been signed by the Parties and that relate
to this Agreement shall be an integral part of this Agreement and shall have the same legal validity as this Agreement.




obligations
 disputes resolution and default responsibilities shall survive rescission or termination of this Agreement.




of this Agreement are found to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws or regulations
 the
validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or compromised in any
aspect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions with effective provisions
that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic effect of such effective
provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions.




and English language bearing the same legal effect. In the event of any inconsistency between the Chinese and English language
the Chinese version of this Agreement shall prevail. This Agreement shall have two counterparts
 with each party holding one original.
All counterparts shall be given the same legal effect.



The Remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank


    
    





 the Parties have caused
their authorized representatives to execute this Consultation and Service Agreement as of the date first above written.



Party A:&nbsp;&nbsp; Lucky Sky Petrochemical
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Party B: Xianning Bozhuang
Tea Products Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    




Exhibit Provisions on the payment standard and method
of management and consultation service fee




service fee relating to Article 1
 paragraph 1 to Party A based on the following terms:






&#20316;&#20026;&#26412;&#21327;&#35758;&#39033;&#19979;&#31649;&#29702;&#21644;&#21672;&#35810;&#26381;&#21153;&#30340;&#22522;&#26412;&#24180;&#36153;&#65292;&#35813;&#31561;&#22522;&#26412;&#24180;&#36153;&#25353;&#23395;&#24230;&#20998;&#22235;&#26399;&#24179;&#22343;&#25903;&#20184;&#65292;&#20057;&#26041;&#24212;&#20998;&#21035;&#22312;&#27599;&#20010;&#23395;&#24230;&#24320;&#22987;&#20043;&#26085;&#36215;&#30340;&#21313;&#20116;&#65288;15&#65289;&#20010;&#24037;&#20316;&#26085;&#20869;&#25903;&#20184;&#33267;&#30002;&#26041;&#25351;&#23450;&#20043;&#38134;&#34892;&#24080;&#25143;&#12290;


of Party B accepted by US GAAP to Party A as the annual fee (the &ldquo;Annual Fee&rdquo;) of management and consultation service
herein. The Annual fee should be paid to the designed bank account of Party A within 15 working days after the first day of each
quarter of the year.








 Party B should pay Floating
Charge (the &ldquo;Floating Charge&rdquo;)
 the amount of which should not be exceed total net profit accepted by the US GAAP deducting
the Annual Fee of Party B
 to Party A in each quarter of the year according to management and consultation service provided by
Party A. The amount of the Floating Charge should be determined by both Parties based on the following factors:




by Party A for the technology support and service in a certain quarter;


    
    





and service in a certain quarter;




service in a certain quarter;




the technology support and service in a certain quarter;








Party A should provide all the required financial information to be used to calculate (the &ldquo;Financial Information&rdquo;)
the Floating Charge on the certain quarter with Party B and should pay the Floating Charge within 30 days of the end each quarter.
Both Parties can engage independent accountants with good reputation to audit on the Financial Information
 if any Party has a
doubt on it. The audit would be conducted during the business hour and should not be affect the normal business of Party B.




7 working days after receiving the written notice regarding the adjustment of the Annual Fee or the Floating Charge from Party
A.




by the US GAAP
 Party A is obliged to absorb all the loss of Party B and to pay the amount of loss to Party B.















 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20
 2019
 BY AND BETWEEN LUCKY SKY PETROCHEMICAL AND XIANNING BOZHUANG



     












&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) is made and entered into by and between the following parties on December 20
 2019 in Xianning
 the People&rsquo;s
Republic of China (&ldquo;China&rdquo; or the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;).



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
3/F
 building 2
 Golden Bay
 Group 1
 Huangfan Village
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
No. 60
 Fazhan Road
 Zhanggong Industry Park
 Xianan District
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province
 China 437000





referred to as a &ldquo;Party&rdquo; respectively
 and as the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo; collectively.









in China
 and has the necessary resources to provide management and consulting services;


&#20057;&#26041;&#26159;&#19968;&#23478;&#22312;&#20013;&#22269;&#27880;&#20876;&#30340;&#20869;&#36164;&#20844;&#21496;&#65292;&#20381;&#27861;&#20174;&#20107;&#33590;&#21494;&#21046;&#21697;&#29983;&#20135;&#38144;&#21806;&#19994;&#21153;(&#20197;&#19979;&#31616;&#31216;&rdquo;


in China and engages in tea products manufacture and sales and other businesses (the &ldquo;


    
    





consulting services and other commercial services on exclusive basis in relation to the Principal Business during the term of this
Agreement
 utilizing its advantages in management
 human resources
 and information
 and Party B is willing to accept such services
provided by Party A or Party A&rsquo;s designee(s)
 each on the terms set forth herein.




 therefore
 through mutual discussion
the Parties have reached the following agreements:









exclusive services provider to provide Party B with complete management support
 business support and related consulting services
during the term of this Agreement
 in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement
 which may include all necessary
services within the scope of the Principal Business as may be determined from time to time by Party A
 such as but not limited
to technical services
 business consultations
 management consultancy
 and enterprise image design.




services provided by Party A. Party B further agrees that unless with Party A&rsquo;s prior written consent
 during the term of
this Agreement
 Party B shall not directly or indirectly accept the same or any similar consultations and/or services provided
by any third party and shall not establish similar corporation relationship with any third party regarding the matters contemplated
by this Agreement. Party A may appoint other parties
 who may enter into certain agreements described in Section 1.3 with Party
B
 to provide Party B with the consultations and/or services under this Agreement.


    
    









Agreement
 where necessary
 Party B may enter into further management service agreements or consulting service agreements with
Party A or any other party designated by Party A
 which shall provide the specific contents
 manner
 personnel
 and fees for the
specific management services and consulting services.




 Party A and Party B agree
that during the term of this Agreement
 where necessary
 Party B may enter into equipment or property leases with Party A or any
other party designated by Party A which shall permit Party B to use Party A&rsquo;s or its designee&rsquo;s relevant equipment
or property based on the needs of the business of Party B.


    
    







&rdquo;&#65289;&#12290;&#20057;&#26041;&#24212;&#20110;&#27599;&#20010;&#36130;&#25919;&#24180;&#24230;&#26411;&#30340;90&#26085;&#20869;&#65292;(a)&nbsp;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#25552;&#20379;&#20057;&#26041;&#22312;&#26412;&#36130;&#25919;&#24180;&#24230;&#30340;&#32463;&#23457;&#35745;&#30340;&#36130;&#21153;&#25253;&#34920;&#65292;&#35813;&#36130;&#21153;&#25253;&#34920;&#24212;&#24403;&#32463;&#30001;&#30002;&#26041;&#25209;&#20934;&#30340;&#29420;&#31435;&#27880;&#20876;&#20250;&#35745;&#24072;&#23457;&#35745;&#24182;&#35748;&#35777;&#65307;(b)&nbsp;&#22914;&#26524;&#25353;&#29031;&#32463;&#23457;&#35745;&#30340;&#36130;&#21153;&#25253;&#34920;&#26174;&#31034;&#65292;&#26412;&#36130;&#25919;&#24180;&#24230;&#20869;&#20057;&#26041;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#25903;&#20184;&#30340;&#26376;&#20184;&#27454;&#30340;&#24635;&#39069;&#26377;&#20219;&#20309;&#19981;&#36275;&#65292;&#20057;&#26041;&#24212;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#25903;&#20184;&#24046;&#39069;&#12290;&#38500;&#38750;&#21452;&#26041;&#21478;&#34892;&#21327;&#21830;&#19968;&#33268;&#25110;&#26681;&#25454;&#27861;&#24459;&#30340;&#35201;&#27714;&#65292;&#21542;&#21017;&#20057;&#26041;&#26681;&#25454;&#26412;&#21327;&#35758;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#25903;&#20184;&#30340;&#26381;&#21153;&#36153;&#24212;&#19981;&#32463;&#20219;&#20309;&#25187;&#20943;&#25110;&#25269;&#38144;&#65288;&#22914;&#38134;&#34892;&#25163;&#32493;&#36153;&#31561;&#65289;&#12290;&#20057;&#26041;&#25552;&#20379;&#30340;&#31649;&#29702;&#25253;&#34920;&#12289;&#32463;&#33829;&#25968;&#25454;&#21644;&#36130;&#21153;&#25253;&#34920;&#24212;&#30495;&#23454;&#12289;&#26377;
&#25928;&#12289;&#20934;&#30830;&#21644;&#23436;&#25972;&#65292;&#33509;&#20057;&#26041;&#25552;&#20379;&#30340;&#21069;&#36848;&#26448;&#26009;&#23384;&#22312;&#29781;&#30133;&#32780;&#23548;&#33268;&#30002;&#26041;&#20135;&#29983;&#25439;&#22833;&#30340;&#65292;&#20057;&#26041;&#24212;&#23545;&#35813;&#31561;&#25439;&#22833;&#25215;&#25285;&#20840;&#39069;&#30340;&#36180;&#20607;&#36131;&#20219;&#12290;&#22914;&#26524;&#30001;&#20110;&#20057;&#26041;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#25552;&#20379;&#20102;&#34394;&#20551;&#26448;&#26009;&#32780;&#23548;&#33268;&#20943;&#36731;&#25110;&#20813;&#38500;&#20057;&#26041;&#22312;&#26412;&#21327;&#35758;&#39033;&#19979;&#30340;&#20184;&#27454;&#20041;&#21153;&#65292;&#23545;&#20110;&#30001;&#27492;&#32780;&#20943;&#36731;&#25110;&#20813;&#38500;&#30340;&#20184;&#27454;&#25968;&#39069;&#65292;&#20057;&#26041;&#19981;&#21487;&#25764;&#38144;&#22320;&#25215;&#35834;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#20316;&#20986;&#30456;&#24212;&#36180;&#20607;&#12290;


 in consideration of the
services provided by Party A
&rdquo;) equal to 100% of the
after-tax income determined by U.S. GAAP of Party B
 provided that upon mutual discussion between the Parties and the prior written
consent by Party A
 the rate of Service Fees may be adjusted based on the services rendered by Party A in that quarter and the
operational needs of Party B. All out-of-pocket expenses (including without limitation the travelling expenses
 accommodation
transportation
 printing and postage fees etc) that Party A may incur as a result of the provision of the Services hereunder shall
be solely borne by Party B. The Service Fees shall be due and payable on a quarterly basis; within 15 working days after the beginning
of each quarter
 Party B shall (a) deliver to Party A the management accounts and operating statistics of Party B for such quarter
including the after-tax income of Party B during such quarter (the &ldquo;Quarterly Income&rdquo;)
 and (b) pay 100% of such Quarterly
Income
 or other amount agreed by Party A
 to Party A (each such payment
 a &ldquo;Quarterly Payment&rdquo;). Within ninety (90)
days after the end of each fiscal year
 Party B shall (a) deliver to Party A audited financial statements of Party B for such fiscal
year
 which shall be audited and certified by an independent certified public accountant approved by Party A
 and (b) pay an amount
to Party A equal to the shortfall
 if any
 of the net income of Party B for such fiscal year
 as shown in such audited financial
statements
 as compared to the aggregate amount of the Quarterly Payments paid by Party B to Party A in such fiscal year. Unless
the Parties agree otherwise or the law provides otherwise
 the Service Fees payable by Party B hereunder shall not be subject to
any deduction or set-off (e.g. bank handling fees etc). The management report
 operation data and financial statements provided
by Party B shall be true
 valid
 accurate and complete. If Party A suffers any losses as a result of any defect of the aforesaid
documents
 Party B shall be fully responsible for such losses. In the event that Party B&rsquo;s payment obligation hereunder is
reduced or released because of the provision by Party B of any fraudulent materials to Party A
 Party B hereby irrevocably undertakes
to compensate Party A accordingly for the amount so reduced or released.




GAAP when Party B is obligated to pay the Services fees to Party A
 Party A needs to absorb Party B&rsquo;s losses and be responsible
and required to reimbursement Party B for those losses.


    
    





Intellectual Property Rights and Confidentiality
Clauses




 Party A
shall have exclusive and proprietary rights and interests in all rights
 ownership
 interests and intellectual properties arising
out of or created during the performance of this Agreement
 including but not limited to copyrights
 patents
 patent applications
software
 technical secrets
 trade secrets and others. Party B shall execute all appropriate documents
 take all appropriate actions
submit all filings and/or applications
 render all appropriate assistance and otherwise conduct whatever is necessary as deemed
by Party A in its sole discretion for the purposes of vesting any ownership
 right or interest of any such intellectual property
rights in Party A
 and/or perfecting the protections for any such intellectual property rights in Party A.




terms of this Agreement and any oral or written information exchanged between the Parties in connection with the preparation and
performance this Agreement are regarded as confidential information. Each Party shall maintain confidentiality of all such confidential
information
 and without obtaining the written consent of the other Party
 it shall not disclose any relevant confidential information
to any third parties
 except for the information that: (a) is or will be in the public domain (other than through the receiving
Party&rsquo;s unauthorized disclosure); (b) is under the obligation to be disclosed pursuant to the applicable laws or regulations
rules of any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities; or (c) is required to be disclosed by any
Party to its shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors regarding the transaction contemplated hereunder
 provided
that such shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors shall be bound by the confidentiality obligations similar
to those set forth in this Section. Disclosure of any confidential information by the staff members or agencies hired by any Party
shall be deemed disclosure of such confidential information by such Party
 which Party shall be held liable for breach of this
Agreement. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.




to
 and rescission or termination of
 this Agreement.


    
    














registered and validly existing in accordance with the laws of China.




obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution
and performance of this Agreement. Party A&rsquo;s execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements
under any law or regulation binding on Party A.




 valid
and binding obligations
 enforceable in accordance with its terms.








existing in accordance with the laws of China and has obtained the relevant permit and license for engaging in the Principal Business
in a timely manner. It has independent legal person status
 and has full and independent civil and legal capacity to execute
 deliver
and perform this Agreement. It can sue and be sued as a separate entity;


    
    





obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution
and performance of this Agreement. Party B&rsquo;s execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements
under any law or regulation binding on Party B.




 valid
and binding obligations
 and shall be enforceable against it.









written and shall take effect as of such date. This Agreement shall maintain effective unless terminated in accordance with Article
6.1 or was compelled to terminate under applicable PRC laws and regulations.









 unless Party A commits
gross negligence
 or a fraudulent act
 against Party B
 Party B shall not terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration date.
Nevertheless
 Party A shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon giving 30 days&rsquo; prior written notice to Party
B at any time.




3
 7 and 8 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.









 effectiveness
 construction
 performance
amendment and termination of this Agreement and the resolution of disputes hereunder shall be governed by the laws of China.


    
    





and performance of this Agreement
 the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations. In the event the
Parties fail to reach an agreement on the dispute within 30 days after either Party&rsquo;s request to the other Parties for resolution
of the dispute through negotiations
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Southern China Commission of China International
Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted
in Shenzhen
 and the language used in arbitration shall be Chinese. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on all Parties.




construction and performance of this Agreement or during the pending arbitration of any dispute
 except for the matters under dispute
the Parties to this Agreement shall continue to exercise their respective rights under this Agreement and perform their respective
obligations under this Agreement.







 if either Party
&rdquo;) is in breach of any provisions herein or fails to perform its obligations hereunder
&rdquo;)
 which shall entitle
the non-defaulting Party to request the Defaulting Party to rectify or remedy such Default with a reasonable period of time. If
the Defaulting Party fails to rectify or remedy such Default within the reasonable period of time or within 30 days of non-defaulting
Party&rsquo;s written notice requesting for such rectification or remedy
 then the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled to elect
any one of the following remedial actions: (a) to terminate this Agreement and request the Defaulting Party to fully compensate
its losses and damages; (b) to request the specific performance by the Defaulting Party of its obligations hereunder and request
the Defaulting Party to fully compensate non-defaulting Party&rsquo;s losses and damages.


    
    




shall be valid unless it was made in writing. Any failure to exercise or delay in exercising any rights or remedy by any Party
under this Agreement shall not be deemed as a waiver of such Party. Any partial exercise of any right or remedy shall not affect
the exercise of any other rights and remedies.



 the Parties agree
and confirm that in no circumstance shall Party B early terminate this Agreement unless the applicable law or this Agreement provides
otherwise.



the validity of this Clause shall not be affected by the suspension or termination of this Agreement.








to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 by a commercial
courier service to the address of such Party set forth below. A confirmation copy of each notice shall also be sent by email. The
dates on which notices shall be deemed to have been effectively given shall be determined as follows:




 by courier service
or by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of delivery or refusal at the address specified
for notices.


    
    





contact person
 a notice shall be delivered to the other Party in accordance with the terms hereof.









 Party
B shall not assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party.




and rights under this Agreement to any third party upon a prior written notice to Party B but without the consent of Party B.









of this Agreement are found to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws or regulations
 the
validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or compromised in any
aspect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions with effective provisions
that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic effect of such effective
provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions.


    
    










be in writing. The amendment agreements and supplementary agreements that have been signed by the Parties and that relate to this
Agreement shall be an integral part of this Agreement and shall have the same legal validity as this Agreement.









language in two copies
 each Party having one copy with equal legal validity; in case there is any conflict between the Chinese
version and the English version
 the Chinese version shall prevail.



The Remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank


    
    



&#35758;&#24182;&#21363;&#29983;&#25928;&#65292;&#20197;&#26157;&#20449;&#23432;&#12290;


 the Parties have caused
their authorized representatives to execute this Business Cooperation Agreement as of the date first above written.


Party A:&nbsp;&nbsp; Lucky Sky Petrochemical
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Party B: Xianning Bozhuang
Tea Products Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
















 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20
 2019
 BY AND AMONG LUCKY SKY PETROCHEMICAL
 BIN ZHOU
 WUYUAN ZUO
 GONGWEI LU AND XIANNING BOZHUANG



     












has been executed by and among the following parties on December 20
 2019 in Xianning
 the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (&ldquo;China&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;):



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. (thereinafter &ldquo;Pledgee.&rdquo;)

    
    
3/F
 Building 2
 Golden Bay
 Group 1
 Huangfan Village
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Parties B1
 B2 and B3 are
referred as &ldquo;Party B
&rdquo; collectively
 and thereinafter &ldquo;Pledger.&rdquo;



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
No. 60
 Fazhan Road
 Zhanggong Industry Park
 Xianan District
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province
 China 437000



    
    





 each of Pledgee
 Pledger
and Party C shall be referred to as a &ldquo;Party&rdquo; respectively
 and they shall be collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo;.








C in fact. Party C is a limited liability company registered in Nianning City
 China. Party C acknowledges the respective rights
and obligations of Pledger and Pledgee under this Agreement
 and intends to provide any necessary assistance in registering the
Pledge;




in China. Pledgee
 Pledger and Party C owned by Pledger have executed a Consultation and Service Agreement and other control agreements
(the &ldquo;




their obligations under the Control Agreements
 and pay the consulting and service fees thereunder to the Pledgee when the sum
becomes due
 Pledger hereby pledges to the Pledgee all of the equity interest he holds in Party C as security for payment of the
consulting and service fees by Party C under the Control Agreements.




the Parties have mutually agreed to execute this Agreement upon the following terms.








 the terms below shall
have the following meanings:


    
    





by Pledger to Pledgee pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement
 i.e.
 the right of Pledgee to be compensated on a preferential basis
with the conversion
 auction or sales price of the Equity Interest.




lawfully now held and hereafter acquired by Pledger in Party C.




Section 3 of this Agreement.




Service Agreements
 Business Cooperation Agreement and other relevant control agreements executed by and among Pledger
 Party C
and Pledgee on December 20
 2019.




set forth in Section 7 of this Agreement.




by Pledgee in accordance with this Agreement declaring an Event of Default.








Agreements and the timely and complete payment when due (whether at stated maturity
 by acceleration or otherwise) of any or all
of the payments due by Party C and/or Pledger
 including without limitation the consulting and services fees payable to the Pledgee
under the Control Agreements
 Pledger hereby pledges to Pledgee a first security interest in all of Pledger&rsquo;s right
 title
and interest
 whether now owned or hereafter acquired by Pledger
 in the Equity Interest of Party C.


    
    









 the Parties should complete
the pledge of the Equity Interest contemplated registered with relevant administration for industry and commerce (the &ldquo;AIC&rdquo;)
as soon as possible. The Pledge shall be continuously valid until the Pledger is no longer a shareholder of Party C or the satisfaction
of all its obligations by the Party C under the Control Agreements. The Pledgers shall be responsible for recording of this Agreement
in the Company&rsquo;s Register of Shareholders.




 in the event Party C fails
to pay the exclusive consulting or service fees in accordance with the Control Agreements
 Pledgee shall have the right
 but not
the obligation
 to dispose of the Pledge in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.



Custody of Records for Equity Interest
subject to Pledge




Pledger shall deliver to Pledgee&rsquo;s custody the capital contribution certificate for the Equity Interest and the shareholders&rsquo;
register containing the Pledge within one week from the execution of this Agreement. Pledgee shall have custody of such items during
the entire Term of Pledge set forth in this Agreement.




by the Equity Interest during the Term of Pledge.


    
    









of register of shareholder.




the Equity Interest in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Agreement.




 Pledger has not placed any security
interest or other encumbrance on the Equity Interest.



Covenants and Further Agreements of
Pledger




 that during
the term of this Agreement
 Pledger shall:




 place or permit the
existence of any security interest or other encumbrance on the Equity Interest
 without the prior written consent of Pledgee
 except
for the performance of the Equity Option Agreement (the &ldquo;Equity Option Agreement&rdquo;) executed by Pledger
 the Pledgee
and Party C on the execution date of this Agreement;




applicable to the pledge of rights
 and within 5 working days of receipt of any notice
 order or recommendation issued or prepared
by relevant competent authorities regarding the Pledge
 shall present the aforementioned notice
 order or recommendation to Pledgee
and shall comply with the aforementioned notice
 order or recommendation or submit objections and representations with respect
to the aforementioned matters upon Pledgee&rsquo;s reasonable request or upon consent of Pledgee;


    
    





by Pledger that may have an impact on Pledgee&rsquo;s rights to the Equity Interest or any portion thereof
 as well as any event
or notice received by Pledger that may have an impact on any guarantees and other obligations of Pledger arising out of this Agreement.




in accordance with this Agreement with respect to the Pledge shall not be interrupted or harmed by Pledger or any heirs or representatives
of Pledger or any other persons through any legal proceedings.




by this Agreement for payment of the consulting and service fees under the Control Agreements
 Pledger hereby undertakes to execute
in good faith and to cause other parties who have an interest in the Pledge to execute all certificates
 agreements
 deeds and/or
covenants required by Pledgee. Pledger also undertakes to perform and to cause other parties who have an interest in the Pledge
to perform actions required by Pledgee
 to facilitate the exercise by Pledgee of its rights and authority granted thereto by this
Agreement
 and to enter into all relevant documents regarding ownership of Equity Interest with Pledgee or designee(s) of Pledgee
(natural persons/legal persons). Pledger undertakes to provide Pledgee within a reasonable time with all notices
 orders and decisions
regarding the Pledge that are required by Pledgee.




all guarantees
 promises
 agreements
 representations and conditions under this Agreement. In the event of failure or partial performance
of its guarantees
 promises
 agreements
 representations and conditions
 Pledger shall indemnify Pledgee for all losses resulting
therefrom.


    
    





with the Administration for Industry and Commerce concerning the Pledge as soon as practical after the execution of this Agreement.




Pledgee&rsquo;s prior written consent
 Pledger shall not transfer the Equity Interest and any action for the proposed transfer
of the Equity Interest of Pledger shall be invalid. Any payment received by Pledger for transfer of the Equity Interest shall be
firstly used to repay the secured obligations to Pledgee or be placed in escrow with a third party as agreed with Pledgee.








Default:




under the Control Agreements
 including without limitation failure to pay in full any of the consulting and service fees payable
under the Control Agreements or breaches any other obligations of Party C thereunder;




of any provisions of this Agreement;




Pledger transfers or purports to transfer or abandons the Equity Interest pledged or assigns the Equity Interest pledged without
the written consent of Pledgee; and


    
    





only partially performing or refusing to perform the payment obligations under the Control Agreements.




or property of the Pledger
 which in Pledgee&rsquo;s determination
 may impact the ability of the Pledger to perform its obligations
hereunder.




the Pledgee is not or may not able to exercise its rights hereunder in accordance with the applicable law.




or event that may lead to the aforementioned circumstances described in Section 7.1
 Pledger shall immediately notify Pledgee in
writing accordingly.




7.1 has been successfully resolved to Pledgee&rsquo;s satisfaction within twenty (20) days after the Pledgee delivers a notice
to the Pledger requesting ratification of such Event of Default
 Pledgee may issue a Notice of Default to Pledger in writing at
any time thereafter
 demanding to immediately dispose of the Pledge in accordance with the provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement.








fees described in the Control Agreements
 without the Pledgee&rsquo;s written consent
 Pledger shall not assign the Equity Interest
in Party C.




exercising the Pledge.


    
    





 Pledgee may
exercise the right to enforce the Pledge at any time after the issuance of the Notice of Default in accordance with Section 7.3.
Once Pledgee elects to enforce the Pledge
 Pledger shall cease to be entitled to any rights or interests associated with the Equity
Interest.




 Pledgee is entitled to dispose
of the Equity Interest in accordance with applicable PRC laws. Only to the extent permitted under applicable PRC laws
 Pledgee
has no obligation to account to Pledger for proceeds of disposition of the Equity Interest
 and Pledger hereby waives any rights
it may have to demand any such accounting from Pledgee.




this Agreement
 Pledger and Party C shall provide necessary assistance to enable Pledgee to enforce the Pledge in accordance with
this Agreement.








 Pledger
shall not have the right to assign or delegate its rights and obligations under this Agreement.




successors and permitted assigns
 and shall be valid with respect to Pledgee and each of its successors and assigns.


    
    





 Pledgee may assign any and all of its
rights and obligations under the Control Agreements to its designee(s) (natural/legal persons)
 in which case the assigns shall
have the rights and obligations of Pledgee under this Agreement
 as if it were the original party to this Agreement. When the Pledgee
assigns the rights and obligations under the Control Agreements
 upon Pledgee&rsquo;s request
 Pledger shall execute relevant agreements
or other documents relating to such assignment.




Pledger shall
 at the request of Pledgee
 execute a new pledge agreement with the new pledgee on the same terms and conditions
as this Agreement
 and register the same with the relevant AIC.




Agreement and other contracts jointly or separately executed by the Parties hereto or any of them
 including the Equity Option
Agreement and the Power of Attorney granted to Pledgee
 perform the obligations hereunder and thereunder
 and refrain from any
action/omission that may affect the effectiveness and enforceability thereof. Any remaining rights of Pledger with respect to the
Equity Interest pledged hereunder shall not be exercised by Pledger except in accordance with the written instructions of Pledgee.








fees under the Control Agreements and upon termination of Party C&rsquo;s obligations under the Control Agreements
 this Agreement
shall be terminated
 and Pledgee shall then terminate the equity pledge under this Agreement as soon as reasonably practicable.


    
    









Agreement
 including but not limited to legal costs
 costs of production
 stamp tax and any other taxes and fees
 shall be borne
by Party C.








terms of this Agreement and any oral or written information exchanged between the Parties in connection with the preparation and
performance this Agreement are regarded as confidential information. Each Party shall maintain confidentiality of all such confidential
information
 and without obtaining the written consent of the other Party
 it shall not disclose any relevant confidential information
to any third parties
 except for the information that: (a) is or will be in the public domain (other than through the receiving
Party&rsquo;s unauthorized disclosure); (b) is under the obligation to be disclosed pursuant to the applicable laws or regulations
rules of any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities; or (c) is required to be disclosed by any
Party to its shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors regarding the transaction contemplated hereunder
 provided
that such shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors shall be bound by the confidentiality obligations similar
to those set forth in this Section. Disclosure of any confidential information by the staff members or agencies hired by any Party
shall be deemed disclosure of such confidential information by such Party
 which Party shall be held liable for breach of this
Agreement. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.


    
    









 effectiveness
 construction
 performance
amendment and termination of this Agreement and the resolution of disputes hereunder shall be governed by the laws of China.




and performance of this Agreement
 the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations. In the event the
Parties fail to reach an agreement on the dispute within 30 days after either Party&rsquo;s request to the other Parties for resolution
of the dispute through negotiations
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Southern China Commission of China International
Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted
in Shenzhen
 and the language used in arbitration shall be Chinese. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on all Parties.




construction and performance of this Agreement or during the pending arbitration of any dispute
 except for the matters under dispute
the Parties to this Agreement shall continue to exercise their respective rights under this Agreement and perform their respective
obligations under this Agreement.








to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 by a commercial
courier service to the address of such party set forth below. A confirmation copy of each notice shall also be sent by E-mail.
The dates on which notices shall be deemed to have been effectively given shall be determined as follows:


    
    





 by courier service
or by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of acceptance or refusal at the address specified
for notices.




contact person
 a notice shall be delivered to the other Parties in accordance with the terms hereof.








of this Agreement are found to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws or regulations
 the
validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or compromised in any
respect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions with effective provisions
that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic effect of such effective
provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions.








part of this Agreement.








have duly executed this Agreement.




 changes and supplements to this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall become effective after the affixation of the signatures or seals of the Parties.




three copies. Pledger
 Pledgee and Party C shall hold one copy respectively. Each copy of this Agreement shall have equal validity.
In case there is any conflict between the Chinese version and the English version
 the Chinese version shall prevail.



The Remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank


    
    





 the Parties have caused
their authorized representatives to execute this Equity Pledge Agreement as of the date first above written.


Party A:&nbsp;&nbsp;Lucky Sky Petrochemical
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



Party C: Xianning Bozhuang
Tea Products Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    











Agriculture Co.
Ltd.;






Muren Agriculture Co.
Ltd.;


























 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20
 2019
 BY AND AMONG LUCKY SKY PETROCHEMICAL
 BIN ZHOU
 WUYUAN ZUO
 GONGWEI LU AND XIANNING BOZHUANG



     












is executed by and among the following Parties as of December 20
 2019 in Xianning
 the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (&ldquo;China&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;):



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
3/F
 Building 2
 Golden Bay
 Group 1
 Huangfan Village
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Parties B1
 B2 and B3 are referred as &ldquo;Party B&rdquo;



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
No. 60
 Fazhan Road
 Zhanggong Industry Park
 Xianan District
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province
 China 437000



    
    





 each of Party A
 Party
B and Party C shall be referred to as a &ldquo;Party&rdquo; respectively
 and they shall be collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo;.




interest in Party C. Party A and Party C have executed a Consultation and Service Agreement
 Business Cooperation Agreement and
other control agreements (the &ldquo;Control Agreements&rdquo;).




 upon mutual discussion and
negotiation
 the Parties have reached the following agreement:



Sale and Purchase of Equity
Interest








1 by Party A
 the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged by Party B
 Party B hereby irrevocably agrees that
 on the
condition that it is permitted by the PRC laws
 Party A has the right to require Party B to fulfill and complete all approval and
registration procedures required under PRC laws for Party A to purchase
 or designate one or more persons (each
 a &ldquo;Designee&rdquo;)
to purchase
 Party B&rsquo;s equity interests in Party C
 once or at multiple times at any time in part or in whole at Party A&rsquo;s
sole and absolute discretion and at the price described in Section 1.3 herein (such right being the &ldquo;Equity Interest Purchase
Option&rdquo;). Party A&rsquo;s Equity Interest Purchase Option shall be exclusive. Except for Party A and the Designee(s)
 no
other person shall be entitled to the Equity Interest Purchase Option or other rights with respect to the equity interests of Party
B. Party C hereby agrees to the grant by Party B of the Equity Interest Purchase Option to Party A. The term &ldquo;person&rdquo;
as used herein shall refer to individuals
 corporations
 partnerships
 partners
 enterprises
 trusts or non-corporate organizations.


    
    





Option




regulations of China
 Party A may exercise the Equity Interest Purchase Option by issuing a written notice to Party B (the &ldquo;Equity
Interest Purchase Option Notice&rdquo;)
 specifying: (a) Party A&rsquo;s decision to exercise the Equity Interest Purchase Option;
(b) the portion of equity interests to be purchased from Party B (the &ldquo;Optioned Interests&rdquo;); and (c) the date for purchasing
the Optioned Interests and/or the date for transfer of the Optioned Interests.








(the &ldquo;Base Price&rdquo;) shall be shall be the lowest price allowed by the laws of China. If appraisal is required by the
laws of China at the time when Party A exercises the Equity Interest Purchase Option
 the Parties shall negotiate in good faith
and based on the appraisal result make necessary adjustment to the Equity Interest Purchase Price so that it complies with any
and all then applicable laws of China (collectively
 the &ldquo;Equity Interest Purchase Price&rdquo;). When the price is higher
than the registered capital of Party C
 calculated pro rata for purchase of less than all of the Equity Interest
 the excessive
part of the price shall be returned to Party A or its designee in a manner as instructed by Party A.








Purchase Option:


    
    





convene a shareholders&rsquo; meeting
 at which a resolution shall be adopted approving Party B&rsquo;s transfer of the Optioned
Interests to Party A and/or the Designee(s);




from the other shareholders of Party C giving consent to the transfer of the equity interest to Party A and/or the Designee(s)
and waiving any right of first refusal related thereto.




contract with respect to each transfer with Party A and/or each Designee (whichever is applicable)
 in accordance with the provisions
of this Agreement and the Equity Interest Purchase Option Notice regarding the Optioned Interests;




other necessary contracts
 agreements or documents
 obtain all necessary government licenses and permits and take all necessary
actions to transfer valid ownership of the Optioned Interests to Party A and/or the Designee(s)
 unencumbered by any security interests
and cause Party A and/or the Designee(s) to become the registered owner(s) of the Optioned Interests. For the purpose of this Section
and this Agreement
 &ldquo;security interests&rdquo; shall include securities
 mortgages
 third party&rsquo;s rights or interests
any stock options
 acquisition right
 right of first refusal
 right to offset
 ownership retention or other security arrangements
but shall be deemed to exclude any security interest created by this Agreement and Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement. &ldquo;Party
B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement&rdquo; as used in this Section and this Agreement shall refer to the Equity Pledge Agreement
(&ldquo;Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement&rdquo;) executed by and among Party A
 Party B and Party C as of the date hereof
whereby Party B pledges all of its equity interests in Party C to Party A
 in order to guarantee Party C&rsquo;s performance of
its obligations under the Control Agreements executed by and between Party C and Party A.


    
    













and Party C hereby covenant as follows:




A
 they shall not in any manner supplement
 change or amend the articles of association and bylaws of Party C
 increase or decrease
its registered capital
 or change its structure of registered capital in other manners;




existence in accordance with good financial and business standards and practices by prudently and effectively operating its business
and handling its affairs;




A
 they shall not at any time following the date hereof
 sell
 transfer
 mortgage or dispose of in any manner any assets of Party
C or legal or beneficial interest in the business or revenues of Party C
 or allow the encumbrance thereon of any security interest;




A
 they shall not incur
 inherit
 guarantee or suffer the existence of any debt
 except for (i) debts incurred in the ordinary
course of business other than through loans; and (ii) debts disclosed to Party A for which Party A&rsquo;s written consent has
been obtained;




C&rsquo;s businesses during the ordinary course of business to maintain the asset value of Party C and refrain from any action/omission
that may affect Party C&rsquo;s operating status and asset value;


    
    



000&#20803;&#65292;&#21363;&#34987;&#35270;&#20026;&#37325;&#22823;&#21512;&#21516;)&#65307;


A
 they shall not cause Party C to execute any major contract
 except the contracts in the ordinary course of business (for purpose
of this subsection
 a contract with a price exceeding RMB 100
000 shall be deemed a major contract);




A
 they shall not cause Party C to provide any person with any loan or credit;




on Party C&rsquo;s business operations and financial condition at Party A&rsquo;s request;




 they shall procure
and maintain insurance in respect of Party C&rsquo;s assets and business from an insurance carrier acceptable to Party A
 at an
amount and type of coverage typical for companies that operate similar businesses;




A
 they shall not cause or permit Party C to merge
 consolidate with
 acquire or invest in any person;




the occurrence or possible occurrence of any litigation
 arbitration or administrative proceedings relating to Party C&rsquo;s
assets
 business or revenue;




all of its assets
 they shall execute all necessary or appropriate documents
 take all necessary or appropriate actions and file
all necessary or appropriate complaints or raise necessary and appropriate defenses against all claims;


    
    





A
 they shall ensure that Party C shall not in any manner distribute dividends to its shareholders
 provided that upon Party A&rsquo;s
written request
 Party C shall immediately distribute all distributable profits to its shareholders; and




 they shall appoint
any persons designated by Party A as directors of Party C; without the prior written consent of Party A
 they shall not replace
the directors of Party C.












A
 Party B shall not sell
 transfer
 mortgage or dispose of in any other manner any legal or beneficial interest in the equity
interests in Party C held by Party B
 or allow the encumbrance thereon of any security interest
 except for the pledge placed on
these equity interests in accordance with Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement;




meeting and/or the board of directors of Party C not to approve the sale
 transfer
 mortgage or disposition in any other manner
of any legal or beneficial interest in the equity interests in Party C held by Party B
 or allow the encumbrance thereon of any
security interest
 without the prior written consent of Party A
 except for the pledge placed on these equity interests in accordance
with Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement;


    
    





meeting or the board of directors of Party C not to approve the merger or consolidation with any person
 or the acquisition of
or investment in any person
 without the prior written consent of Party A;




A of the occurrence or possible occurrence of any litigation
 arbitration or administrative proceedings relating to the equity
interests in Party C held by Party B;




meeting or the board of directors of Party C to vote their approval of the transfer of the Optioned Interests as set forth in this
Agreement and to take any and all other actions that may be requested by Party A;




B&rsquo;s ownership in Party C
 Party B shall execute all necessary or appropriate documents
 take all necessary or appropriate
actions and file all necessary or appropriate complaints or raise necessary and appropriate defenses against all claims;




A as director and/or executive director of Party C
 at the request of Party A; without the prior written consent of Party A
 they
shall not replace the directors of Party C;




as Party A may request from time to time
 to authorize Party A and/or the individual designated by Party A to exercise Party B&rsquo;s
voting rights as a shareholder in Party C.




Party B shall promptly and unconditionally transfer its equity interests in Party C to Party A&rsquo;s Designee(s) in accordance
with the Equity Interest Purchase Option under this Agreement
 and Party B hereby waives its right of first refusal to the respective
share transfer by the other existing shareholder of Party C (if any); and


    
    





of this Agreement and other contracts jointly or separately executed by and among Party B
 Party C and Party A
 perform the obligations
hereunder and thereunder
 and refrain from any action/omission that may affect the effectiveness and enforceability thereof. If
Party B retains any additional rights other than those rights provided for under this Agreement
 Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge
Agreement and the powers of attorney issued to Party A and/or the individual designated by Party A
 Party B shall not exercise
such rights without Party A&rsquo;s written direction.








warrant to Party A
 jointly and severally
 as of the date of this Agreement that:




deliver this Agreement and any share transfer contracts to which they are parties concerning the Optioned Interests to be transferred
thereunder (each
 a &ldquo;Transfer Contract&rdquo;)
 and to perform their obligations under this Agreement and any Transfer Contracts.
Party B and Party C agree to enter into Transfer Contracts consistent with the terms of this Agreement upon Party A&rsquo;s exercise
of the Equity Interest Purchase Option. This Agreement and the Transfer Contracts to which they are parties constitute or will
constitute their legal
 valid and binding obligations and shall be enforceable against them in accordance with the provisions thereof;


    
    





or any Transfer Contracts and the obligations under this Agreement or any Transfer Contracts shall not: (i) cause any violation
of any applicable laws of China; (ii) be inconsistent with the articles of association
 bylaws or other organizational documents
of Party C; (iii) cause the violation of any contracts or instruments to which they are a party or which are binding on them
 or
constitute any breach under any contracts or instruments to which they are a party or which are binding on them; (iv) cause any
violation of any condition for the grant and/or continued effectiveness of any licenses or permits issued to either of them; or
(v) cause the suspension or revocation of or imposition of additional conditions to any licenses or permits issued to either of
them;




to the equity interests in Party C he holds. Except for Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement
 Party B has not placed any security
interest on such equity interests;




to all of its assets
 and has not placed any security interest on the aforementioned assets;




except for (i) debt incurred in the ordinary course of business; and (ii) debts disclosed to Party A for which Party A&rsquo;s
written consent has been obtained.




regulations of China applicable to equity or asset acquisitions; and




arbitration or administrative proceedings relating to the equity interests in Party C
 assets of Party C or Party C.


    
    









the date hereof
 and remain effective until all the equity interest owned by Party B in Party C has been legally transferred to
Party A or the Designee(s) in accordance with this Agreement.












 effectiveness
 construction
performance
 amendment and termination of this Agreement and the resolution of disputes hereunder shall be governed by the formally
published and publicly available laws of China. Matters not covered by formally published and publicly available laws of China
shall be governed by international legal principles and practices.








to the construction and performance of this Agreement
 the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations.
In the event the Parties fail to reach an agreement on the dispute within 30 days after either Party&rsquo;s request to the other
Parties for resolution of the dispute through negotiations
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Southern China
Commission of China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration
Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in Shenzhen
 and the language used in arbitration shall be Chinese. The arbitration award
shall be final and binding on all Parties.


    
    









and registration tax
 expenses and fees incurred thereby or levied thereon in accordance with the laws of China in connection with
the preparation and execution of this Agreement and the Transfer Contracts
 as well as the consummation of the transactions contemplated
under this Agreement and the Transfer Contracts.








or permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail
 postage prepaid
by a commercial courier service to the address of such Party set forth below. A confirmation copy of each notice shall also be
sent by email. The dates on which notices shall be deemed to have been effectively given shall be determined as follows:




 by
courier service or by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of acceptance or refusal
at the address specified for notices.




or its contact person
 a notice shall be delivered to the other Party in accordance with the terms hereof.


    
    









and the terms of this Agreement and any oral or written information exchanged between the Parties in connection with the preparation
and performance this Agreement are regarded as confidential information. Each Party shall maintain confidentiality of all such
confidential information
 and without obtaining the written consent of the other Party
 it shall not disclose any relevant confidential
information to any third parties
 except for the information that: (a) is or will be in the public domain (other than through the
receiving Party&rsquo;s unauthorized disclosure); (b) is under the obligation to be disclosed pursuant to the applicable laws or
regulations
 rules of any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities; or (c) is required to be disclosed
by any Party to its shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors regarding the transaction contemplated hereunder
provided that such shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors shall be bound by the confidentiality obligations
similar to those set forth in this Section. Disclosure of any confidential information by the staff members or agencies hired by
any Party shall be deemed disclosure of such confidential information by such Party
 which Party shall be held liable for breach
of this Agreement. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.








that are reasonably required for or are conducive to the implementation of the provisions and purposes of this Agreement and take
further actions that are reasonably required for or are conducive to the implementation of the provisions and purposes of this
Agreement.








 change and supplement




 change and supplement to
this Agreement shall require the execution of a written agreement by all of the Parties.


    
    









 supplements
or changes in writing executed after the execution of this Agreement
 this Agreement shall constitute the entire agreement reached
by and among the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof
 and shall supercede all prior oral and written consultations
representations and contracts reached with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.








convenience only
 and shall not be used to interpret
 explain or otherwise affect the meanings of the provisions of this Agreement.








and English language in three copies
 each Party having one copy with equal legal validity; in case there is any conflict between
the Chinese version and the English version
 the Chinese version shall prevail.


    
    









provisions of this Agreement are found to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws or regulations
the validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or compromised in
any respect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions with effective
provisions that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic effect of
such effective provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions.








shall inure to the interest of the respective successors of the Parties and the permitted assigns of such Parties.








of this Agreement
 provided that such a waiver must be provided in writing and shall require the signatures of the Parties. No
waiver by any Party in certain circumstances with respect to a breach by other Parties shall operate as a waiver by such a Party
with respect to any similar breach in other circumstances.








due as a result of this Agreement upon the expiration or early termination of this Agreement shall survive the expiration or early
termination thereof.


    
    





 7
 8 and
this Section 10.8 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.






&#19979;&#30340;&#20219;&#20309;&#19968;&#39033;&#20041;&#21153;&#65292;&#21363;&#26500;&#25104;&#26412;&#21512;&#21516;&#39033;&#19979;&#30340;&#36829;&#32422;&#65288;&#20197;&#19979;&#31216;&rdquo;&#36829;&#32422;&rdquo;&#65289;&#65292;&#23432;&#32422;&#26041;&#26377;&#26435;&#35201;&#27714;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#22312;&#21512;&#29702;&#26399;&#38480;&#20869;&#34917;&#27491;&#25110;&#37319;&#21462;&#34917;&#25937;&#25514;&#26045;&#12290;&#22914;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#22312;&#21512;&#29702;&#26399;&#38480;&#20869;&#25110;&#22312;&#23432;&#32422;&#26041;&#20070;&#38754;&#36890;&#30693;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#24182;&#25552;&#20986;&#34917;&#27491;&#35201;&#27714;&#21518;&#21313;&#65288;10&#65289;&#22825;&#20869;&#20173;&#26410;&#34917;&#27491;&#25110;&#37319;&#21462;&#34917;&#25937;&#25514;&#26045;&#30340;&#65292;&#21017;&#23432;&#32422;&#26041;&#26377;&#26435;&#33258;&#34892;&#20915;&#23450;&#36873;&#25321;&#20197;&#19979;&#30340;&#20219;&#19968;&#31181;&#36829;&#32422;&#25937;&#27982;&#26041;&#24335;&#65306;&#65288;1&#65289;&#32456;&#27490;&#26412;&#21512;&#21516;&#65292;&#24182;&#35201;&#27714;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#32473;&#20104;&#20840;&#37096;&#30340;&#25439;&#23475;&#36180;&#20607;&#65307;&#65288;2&#65289;&#35201;&#27714;&#24378;&#21046;&#23653;&#34892;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#22312;&#26412;&#21512;&#21516;&#39033;&#19979;&#30340;&#20041;&#21153;&#65292;&#24182;&#35201;&#27714;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#32473;&#20104;&#20840;&#37096;&#30340;&#25439;&#23475;&#36180;&#20607;&#65307;&#25110;&#32773;&#65288;3&#65289;&#25353;&#29031;&#20057;&#26041;&#32929;&#26435;&#36136;&#25276;&#21512;&#21516;&#30340;&#32422;&#23450;&#20197;&#36136;&#25276;&#32929;&#26435;&#25240;&#20215;&#65292;&#25293;&#21334;&#25110;&#32773;&#21464;&#21334;&#65292;&#24182;&#20197;&#25240;&#20215;&#12289;&#25293;&#21334;&#25110;&#32773;&#21464;&#21334;&#30340;&#20215;&#27454;&#20248;&#20808;&#21463;&#20607;&#65292;&#24182;&#35201;&#27714;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#25215;&#25285;&#30001;&#27492;&#36896;&#25104;&#30340;&#20840;&#37096;&#25439;&#22833;&#65307;


 if
&rdquo;) is in material breach of any provisions herein or fails to perform any obligations
hereunder in any material respect
&rdquo;)
which shall entitle non-defaulting Party to request Defaulting Party to rectify or remedy such Default with a reasonable period
of time. If the Defaulting Party fails to rectify or remedy such Default within the reasonable period of time or within 10 days
of non-defaulting Party&rsquo;s written notice requesting for such rectification or remedy
 the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled
to elect any one of the following remedial actions: (a) to terminate this Agreement and request the Defaulting Party to fully compensate
its losses and damages; (b) to request the specific performance by the Defaulting Party of its obligations hereunder and request
the Defaulting Party to fully compensate non-defaulting Party&rsquo;s losses and damages; or (c) to enforce the pledge under the
Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement by selling
 auctioning or exchanging the pledged equity thereunder and receive payment
in priority from the proceeds derived therefrom
 and in the meantime
 request the Defaulting Party to fully compensate non-defaulting
Party for any losses as a result thereof.




this Agreement shall be accumulative and shall not affect any other rights and remedies stipulated at law.



The Remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank


    
    





 the Parties have caused
their authorized representatives to execute this Equity Option Agreement as of the date first above written.


Party A:&nbsp;&nbsp;Lucky Sky Petrochemical
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



Party
C: Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    















 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20
 2019
 BY AND AMONG LUCKY SKY PETROCHEMICAL
 BIN ZHOU
 WUYUAN ZUO
 GONGWEI LU AND XIANNING BOZHUANG



     







Voting Rights Proxy and Financial Supporting
Agreement




(the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) is made in Xianning
 China on December 20
 2019 among the following parties:






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Parties A1
 A2 and A3 are
referred as &ldquo;Party A
&rdquo; collectively
 and thereinafter &ldquo;Entrusting Party.&rdquo;



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Designee&rdquo;

    
    
3/F
 Building 2
 Golden Bay
 Group 1
 Huangfan Village
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
No. 60
 Fazhan Road
 Zhanggong Industry Park
 Xianan District
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province
 China 437000



    
    





 each of Party A
 Party B and Party C shall
be referred to as a &ldquo;Party&rdquo; respectively
 and they shall be collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo;.)








 the shareholders of Party C
collectively own 100% of the equity interest in Party C in record.




entrust Party B or Party B&rsquo;s designee to vote on his or her behalf at the shareholders&rsquo; meeting of Party C
 and Party
B is willing to accept such proxy on behalf of Entrusting Party.




 the Parties hereby agree as follows:








he/she shall execute the Power of Attorney (&ldquo;POA&rdquo;) set forth in Exhibit A upon signing this Agreement and entrust Party
B or Party B&rsquo;s designee (&ldquo;Designee&rdquo;) to exercise all his or her rights as the shareholders of Party C under the
Articles of Association of Party C
 including without limitation to:




with the Articles of Association of Party C and attend shareholders&rsquo; meetings of Party C as the agent and attorney of Entrusting
Party;


    
    





respect to all matters to be discussed and voted in the shareholders&rsquo; meeting of Party C
 including but not limited to designate
and appoint the director
 the chief executive officer and other senior management members of Party C;




entitled to under the laws of China promulgated from time to time; and




entitled to under the Articles of Association of Party C amended from time to time;




forth in Clause 1.1. Upon receipt of the written notice of change of Designee from Party B
 the Entrusting Party shall immediately
entrust such person to exercise the rights set forth in Clause 1.1. Except the aforesaid situation
 the proxy shall be irrevocable
and continuously valid.




all the actions associated with the proxy conducted by the Designee.




 Designee is entitled
to exercise all proxy rights without the consent of Entrusting Party.








 the Designee is
entitled to request relevant information of Party C and inspect the materials of Party C. Party C shall provide appropriate assistance
to the Designee for his/her work.


    
    





inform Party B once the proxy matter happens.








to the Designee for the performance of proxy rights provided in this Agreement
 including signing and executing the shareholders&rsquo;
resolution and other relevant legal documents (if applicable) which have been confirmed by the Designee.




of this Agreement are found to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws or regulations
 the
validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or compromised in any
aspect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions with effective provisions
that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic effect of such effective
provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions.








rights by the Entrusting Party
 Party B agrees to arrange for funds to be provided as necessary to Party C in connection with the
business (the &ldquo;Financial Support&rdquo;). Party B further agrees that should the business fails in the ordinary course of
business
 and as a result Party C is unable to repay the Financial Support
 the Party C shall have no repayment obligation.


    
    









to Party B as follows:




to enter into this Agreement and perform his or her obligations under this Agreement and in executing the POA; This Agreement and
the POA constitute legal
 valid
 binding and enforceable obligation of each Entrusting Party.




for the execution and delivery of this Agreement
 and the execution
 delivery and performance of this Agreement will not conflict
with or violate any and all constitutional documents of Party C.




and beneficial owner of the shares of Party C
 and none of the shares held by the Entrusting Party is subject to any encumbrance
or other restrictions
 except as otherwise provided under the Equity Pledge Agreement and Equity Option Agreement entered into
by and between Party B
 Party C and the Entrusting Party. According to this Agreement
 the Designee has full power and legal rights
to exercise the proxy rights according to the Articles of Association of Party C.








existing in accordance with the laws of China and has independent legal person status
 and has full and independent civil and legal
capacity to execute
 deliver and perform this Agreement. It can sue and be sued as a separate entity;


    
    





obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution
and performance of this Agreement. Party C&rsquo;s execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements
under any law or regulation binding on Party C.




and beneficial owner of the shares of Party C
 and none of the shares held by the Entrusting Party is subject to any encumbrance
or other restrictions
 except as otherwise provided under the Equity Pledge Agreement and Equity Option Agreement entered into
by and between Party B
 Party C and the Entrusting Party. According to this Agreement
 the Designee has full power and legal rights
to exercise the proxy rights according to the Articles of Association of Party C.








hereof with a term of thirty (30) years. The Parties agree that
 this Agreement can be extended only if Party B gives its written
consent of the extension of this Agreement before the expiration of this Agreement and the other Parties shall agree with this
extension without reserve.




her equity interests in Party C subject to the prior consent of Party B
 the obligations and warranties under this Agreement of
the Entrusting Party shall be undertaken by the assignee.








permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered in written.


    
    





 by courier service
or by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of acceptance or refusal at the address specified
for notices. Notices given by facsimile transmission shall be deemed effectively given on the date of successful transmission (as
evidenced by an automatically generated confirmation of transmission).








this Agreement and any oral or written information exchanged between the Parties in connection with the preparation and performance
this Agreement are regarded as confidential information. Each Party shall maintain confidentiality of all such confidential information
and without obtaining the written consent of the other Party
 it shall not disclose any relevant confidential information to any
third parties
 except for the information that: (a) is or will be in the public domain (other than through the receiving Party&rsquo;s
unauthorized disclosure); (b) is under the obligation to be disclosed pursuant to the applicable laws or regulations
 rules of
any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities; or (c) is required to be disclosed by any Party to
its shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors regarding the transaction contemplated hereunder
 provided that
such shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors shall be bound by the confidentiality obligations similar to
those set forth in this Section. Disclosure of any confidential information by the staff members or agencies hired by any Party
shall be deemed disclosure of such confidential information by such Party
 which Party shall be held liable for breach of this
Agreement. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.


    
    









 if either Party
is in breach of any provisions herein or fails to perform its obligations hereunder
 such breach or failure shall constitute a
default under this Agreement
 which shall entitle the non-defaulting Party to request the defaulting Party to rectify or remedy
such default with a reasonable period of time. If the defaulting Party fails to rectify or remedy such default within the reasonable
period of time or within 10 days of non-defaulting Party&rsquo;s written notice requesting for such rectification or remedy
 then
the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled to elect the following remedial actions:




Party C
 then Party B has the right to terminate this Agreement and request the defaulting Party to fully compensate its losses
and damages;




 then the non-defaulting
Party has the right to request the defaulting Party to fully compensate its losses and damages
 but in no circumstance shall the
non-defaulting Party early terminate this Agreement unless the applicable law provides otherwise.




the validity of this Section shall not be affect by the suspension or termination of this Agreement.








language bearing the same legal effect. In the event of any inconsistency between the Chinese and English language
 the Chinese
version of this Agreement shall prevail. This Agreement shall have three counterparts
 with each party holding one original. All
counterparts shall be given the same legal effect.


    
    





 effectiveness
 interpretation
 performance
amendment
 termination and dispute resolution shall be governed by the law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China.




Agreement
 the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations. In the event the Parties fail to reach an
agreement on the dispute
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Southern Commission of China International Economic
and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted
in Shenzhen. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on all Parties.




shall be accumulative and shall not affect any other rights and remedies stipulated at law.




Agreement
 provided that such a waiver must be provided in writing and shall require the signatures of the Parties. No waiver by
any Party in certain circumstances with respect to a breach by other Parties shall operate as a waiver by such a Party with respect
to any similar breach in other circumstances.




only
 and shall not be used to interpret
 explain or otherwise affect the meanings of the provisions of this Agreement.




 change and supplement to this Agreement
shall require the execution of a written agreement by all of the Parties.




 other
Parties shall not assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party. Entrusting Party and Party C agrees
that Party B may assign its obligations and rights under this Agreement to any third party upon a prior written notice to Entrusting
Party and Party C.




of each Party.



The Remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank


    
    





 the Parties have caused
their authorized representatives to execute this Voting Rights Proxy and Financial Supporting Agreement as of the date first above
written.






/s/
    Bin Zhou
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




Party B:&nbsp;&nbsp;Lucky Sky Petrochemical
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Party C: Xianning Bozhuang
Tea Products Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    












 Bin Zhou
 a Chinese citizen with Chinese
Identification Card No.: 421281199002140015 and a holder of 90% of the entire registered capital in Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products
Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;My Shareholding&rdquo;)
 hereby irrevocably authorize Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd.
(&ldquo;Designee&rdquo;) to exercise the following rights relating to My Shareholding during the term of this Power of Attorney:




on behalf of myself as my exclusive agent and attorney with respect to all matters concerning My Shareholding
 including without
limitation to: 1) attend shareholders&rsquo; meetings of Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.; 2) exercise all the shareholder&rsquo;s
rights and shareholder&rsquo;s voting rights I am entitled to under the laws of China and Articles of Association of Xianning Bozhuang
Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.
 including but not limited to the sale or transfer or pledge or disposition of My Shareholding in part or
in whole; and 3) designate and appoint on behalf of myself the legal representative (chairperson)
 the director
 the supervisor
the chief executive officer and other senior management members of Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.




granted hereunder
 the Designee shall have the power and authority under this Power of Attorney to execute the Transfer Contracts
stipulated in Share Disposal Agreement
 to which I am required to be a party
 on behalf of myself
 and to effect the terms of the
Equity Pledge Agreement and Equity Option Agreement
 both dated the date hereof
 to which I am a party.


    
    





My Shareholding conducted by the Designee shall be deemed as my own actions
 and all the documents related to My Shareholding executed
by the Designee shall be deemed to be executed by me. I hereby acknowledge and ratify those actions and/or documents by the Designee.




(Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. issues an instruction to me to change the Designee
 this Power of Attorney is coupled with an interest and
shall be irrevocable and continuously valid from the date of execution of this Power of Attorney
 so long as I am a shareholder
of Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.




I hereby waive all the rights associated with My Shareholding
 which have been authorized to the Designee through this Power of
Attorney
 and shall not exercise such rights by myself.




and English; in case there is any conflict between the Chinese version and the English version
 the Chinese version shall prevail.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
December 20
 2019



    
    








 Wuyuan Zuo
 a Chinese citizen with Chinese
Identification Card No.: 422301196808013147 and a holder of 5% of the entire registered capital in Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products
Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;My Shareholding&rdquo;)
 hereby irrevocably authorize Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd.
(&ldquo;Designee&rdquo;) to exercise the following rights relating to My Shareholding during the term of this Power of Attorney:




on behalf of myself as my exclusive agent and attorney with respect to all matters concerning My Shareholding
 including without
limitation to: 1) attend shareholders&rsquo; meetings of Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.; 2) exercise all the shareholder&rsquo;s
rights and shareholder&rsquo;s voting rights I am entitled to under the laws of China and Articles of Association of Xianning Bozhuang
Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.
 including but not limited to the sale or transfer or pledge or disposition of My Shareholding in part or
in whole; and 3) designate and appoint on behalf of myself the legal representative (chairperson)
 the director
 the supervisor
the chief executive officer and other senior management members of Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.




granted hereunder
 the Designee shall have the power and authority under this Power of Attorney to execute the Transfer Contracts
stipulated in Share Disposal Agreement
 to which I am required to be a party
 on behalf of myself
 and to effect the terms of the
Equity Pledge Agreement and Equity Option Agreement
 both dated the date hereof
 to which I am a party.




My Shareholding conducted by the Designee shall be deemed as my own actions
 and all the documents related to My Shareholding executed
by the Designee shall be deemed to be executed by me. I hereby acknowledge and ratify those actions and/or documents by the Designee.




(Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. issues an instruction to me to change the Designee
 this Power of Attorney is coupled with an interest and
shall be irrevocable and continuously valid from the date of execution of this Power of Attorney
 so long as I am a shareholder
of Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.




I hereby waive all the rights associated with My Shareholding
 which have been authorized to the Designee through this Power of
Attorney
 and shall not exercise such rights by myself.




and English; in case there is any conflict between the Chinese version and the English version
 the Chinese version shall prevail.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
December 20
 2019



    
    








 Gongwei Lu
 a Chinese citizen with Chinese
Identification Card No.: 421281196305230719 and a holder of 5% of the entire registered capital in Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products
Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;My Shareholding&rdquo;)
 hereby irrevocably authorize Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd.
(&ldquo;Designee&rdquo;) to exercise the following rights relating to My Shareholding during the term of this Power of Attorney:




on behalf of myself as my exclusive agent and attorney with respect to all matters concerning My Shareholding
 including without
limitation to: 1) attend shareholders&rsquo; meetings of Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.; 2) exercise all the shareholder&rsquo;s
rights and shareholder&rsquo;s voting rights I am entitled to under the laws of China and Articles of Association of Xianning Bozhuang
Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.
 including but not limited to the sale or transfer or pledge or disposition of My Shareholding in part or
in whole; and 3) designate and appoint on behalf of myself the legal representative (chairperson)
 the director
 the supervisor
the chief executive officer and other senior management members of Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.




granted hereunder
 the Designee shall have the power and authority under this Power of Attorney to execute the Transfer Contracts
stipulated in Share Disposal Agreement
 to which I am required to be a party
 on behalf of myself
 and to effect the terms of the
Equity Pledge Agreement and Equity Option Agreement
 both dated the date hereof
 to which I am a party.




My Shareholding conducted by the Designee shall be deemed as my own actions
 and all the documents related to My Shareholding executed
by the Designee shall be deemed to be executed by me. I hereby acknowledge and ratify those actions and/or documents by the Designee.




(Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. issues an instruction to me to change the Designee
 this Power of Attorney is coupled with an interest and
shall be irrevocable and continuously valid from the date of execution of this Power of Attorney
 so long as I am a shareholder
of Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.




I hereby waive all the rights associated with My Shareholding
 which have been authorized to the Designee through this Power of
Attorney
 and shall not exercise such rights by myself.




and English; in case there is any conflict between the Chinese version and the English version
 the Chinese version shall prevail.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
December 20
 2019
















 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20
 2019
 BY AND BETWEEN LUCKY SKY PETROCHEMICAL AND SHENZHEN LORAIN



     












(the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) is entered into as of December 20
 2019 in Xianning
 China between the following two parties:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
3 / F
 building 2
 Golden Bay
 Group 1
 Huangfan village
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lorain Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
F1104
 Building 1
 Meinian Square
 West of Nanhai Avenue
 Shekou Street
 Nanshan District
 Shenzhen










in China
 and has the necessary resources to provide management and consulting services;




registered in China and needs Party A&rsquo;s support and services during its business.




 through friendly consultation
 Party A and Party
B hereby agree to enter into and perform this Agreement.


    
    









to Party B in the area of fund
 human
 management and intellectual properties
 and Party B hereby agrees to accept such management
consultation and services in accordance with the terms and conditions under this Agreement. The management consultation and services
provided by Party A include:




the staff of Party B;




regarding the marketing of Party B;




relating to the management and operation of Party B&rsquo;s business;




services which are necessary for Party B&rsquo;s businesses.




A for its work
 including but not limited to providing the relevant data
 requirement and directions.


    
    





Parties agree that
 this Agreement can be extended only if Party A gives its written consent of the extension of this Agreement
before the expiration of this Agreement and Party B shall agree with this extension without reserve. If Party B&rsquo;s operation
term is required to extended
 Party B shall use its best efforts to renew its business license and extend its operation term until
and unless otherwise instructed in Party A&rsquo;s prior written notice.




provider of Party B; Party B shall not utilize third party to provide services which are same as or similar with Party A&rsquo;s
services and shall not establish similar corporation relationship with any third party regarding the matters contemplated by this
Agreement without the prior written consent of Party A. Party A may appoint other parties to provide Party B with the consultations
and/or services under this Agreement.








 Party B shall pay relevant
services fees to Party A which shall be determined according to the Appendix of this Agreement. This Appendix can be amended by
the Parties in considering the circumstances.


    
    









Party A shall be the sole and exclusive owner of all rights and interests to any and all intellectual property rights arising from
the performance of this Agreement
 including
 but not limited to
 any copyrights
 patent
 know-how and otherwise
 whether developed
by Party A or Party B. Party B shall execute all appropriate documents
 take all appropriate actions
 submit all filings and/or
applications
 render all appropriate assistance and otherwise conduct whatever is necessary as deemed by Party A in its sole discretion
for the purposes of vesting any ownership
 right or interest of any such intellectual property rights in Party A
 and/or perfecting
the protections for any such intellectual property rights in Party A. The Parties agree that this Section shall survive changes
to
 and rescission or termination of
 this Agreement.




 Confidential Information
includes
 but not limited to
 (i) technical information
 materials
 program
 drawing
 data
 parameter
 standard
 software
 computer
program
 web design in connection with the development
 design
 research
 produce and maintenance of technology disclosed by one
Party to the other Party; (ii) any contracts
 agreement
 memo
 annexes
 draft or record (including this Agreement) entered into
by the Parties for the purpose of this Agreement; and (iii) any information designated to be proprietary or confidential when it
is disclosed by one Party to the other Party. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement
 Party B shall
 return all and any
documents
 materials or software contained any of such Confidential Information to Party A or destroy it
 delete all of such Confidential
Information from memory devices
 and cease to use them.




to any third party in any way without the other Party&rsquo;s prior written consent.


    
    





to its employees
 agents or consultant who must know such information
 subject to such employees
 agents or consultant being bound
by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as this Section 3.




 Confidential Information
shall not be deemed to include the following information:




the receiving Party&rsquo;s unauthorized disclosure); or




the applicable laws or regulations
 rules of any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities
 in which
case the receiving Party will promptly notify the disclosing Party
 and will take reasonable and lawful steps to minimize the extent
of the disclosure.




this Section shall indemnity all losses of the other Party.












and validly existing in accordance with the laws of China.


    
    





obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution
and performance of this Agreement. Party A&rsquo;s execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements
under any law or regulation binding on Party A.




 valid
and binding obligations
 enforceable in accordance with its terms.








existing in accordance with the laws of China and has obtained the relevant permit and license for engaging in its business in
a timely manner. It has independent legal person status
 and has full and independent civil and legal capacity to execute
 deliver
and perform this Agreement. It can sue and be sued as a separate entity;




obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution
and performance of this Agreement. Party B&rsquo;s execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements
under any law or regulation binding on Party B.




 valid
and binding obligations
 enforceable in accordance with its terms.


    
    









 if either Party
is in breach of any provisions herein or fails to perform its obligations hereunder
 such breach or failure shall constitute a
default under this Agreement
 which shall entitle the non-defaulting Party to request the defaulting Party to rectify or remedy
such default with a reasonable period of time. If the defaulting Party fails to rectify or remedy such default within the reasonable
period of time or within 30 days of non-defaulting Party&rsquo;s written notice requesting for such rectification or remedy
 then
the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled to elect any one of the following remedial actions: (a) to terminate this Agreement
and request the defaulting Party to fully compensate its losses and damages; (b) to request the specific performance by the defaulting
Party of its obligations hereunder and request the defaulting Party to fully compensate all losses and damages of the non-defaulting
Party.




shall be valid unless it was made in writing. Any failure to exercise or delay in exercising any rights or remedy by any Party
under this Agreement shall not be deemed as a waiver of such Party. Any partial exercise of any right or remedy shall not affect
the exercise of any other rights and remedies.




 the Parties agree
and confirm that in no circumstance shall Party B early terminate this Agreement unless the applicable law provides otherwise or
it has obtained the prior written consent of Party A.




the suspension or termination of this Agreement.


    
    









 &ldquo;Force Majeure&rdquo; will
mean war
 earthquake and other events which are unforeseen
 inevitable and beyond the control of the Party.




the impossibility to further perform this Agreement
 the Parties agree that the suffering party will waive any liability to the
other party for any loss that result from any such Force Majeure
 provided that the suffering party shall continue to perform this
Agreement after the Force Majeure.








a written agreement is signed by both Parties.




 unless Party A commits gross
negligence
 or a fraudulent act
 against Party B
 Party B shall not terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration date. Nevertheless
Party A shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon giving 30 days&rsquo; prior written notice to Party B at any time.




 if any Party is going into
liquidation (either voluntary or compulsory)
 or is prohibited to conduct business by the governmental authority
 the other Party
shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement. The termination notice shall come into force upon the notice is sent.


    
    





the exercise of any other remedies under this Agreement. Except when it may be exempted from liability according to law
 the Party
that is held responsible shall compensate the other Party for all losses and damages thus caused by such amendment or termination.








 effectiveness
 interpretation
 performance
 amendment
termination and dispute resolution shall be governed by the law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China.




the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations. In the event the Parties fail to reach an agreement
on the dispute
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Southern China Commission of China International Economic and
Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in Shenzhen&#65292;and
the language used in arbitration shall be Chinese. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on all Parties.




and performance of this Agreement or during the pending arbitration of any dispute
 except for the matters under dispute
 the Parties
to this Agreement shall continue to exercise their respective rights under this Agreement and perform their respective obligations
under this Agreement.


    
    









be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 by a commercial
courier service to the address of such Party set forth below. A confirmation copy of each notice shall also be sent by email. The
dates on which notices shall be deemed to have been effectively given shall be determined as follows:




 by courier service or by
registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of acceptance or refusal at the address specified
for notices.




or its contact person
 a notice shall be delivered to the other Party in accordance with the terms hereof.








Party B shall not assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party.




obligations and rights under this Agreement to any third party upon a prior written notice to Party B but without the consent of
Party B.








and from the date on which it is signed by the authorized representative and seal of each Party.


    
    





shall be in writing. The amendment agreements and supplementary agreements that have been signed by the Parties and that relate
to this Agreement shall be an integral part of this Agreement and shall have the same legal validity as this Agreement.




obligations
 disputes resolution and default responsibilities shall survive rescission or termination of this Agreement.




of this Agreement are found to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws or regulations
 the
validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or compromised in any
aspect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions with effective provisions
that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic effect of such effective
provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions.




and English language bearing the same legal effect. In the event of any inconsistency between the Chinese and English language
the Chinese version of this Agreement shall prevail. This Agreement shall have two counterparts
 with each party holding one original.
All counterparts shall be given the same legal effect.



The Remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank


    
    





 the Parties have caused
their authorized representatives to execute this Consultation and Service Agreement as of the date first above written.



Party A:&nbsp;&nbsp; Lucky Sky Petrochemical
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Lorain
Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. 





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    




Exhibit Provisions on the payment standard and method
of management and consultation service fee




service fee relating to Article 1
 paragraph 1 to Party A based on the following terms:






&#20316;&#20026;&#26412;&#21327;&#35758;&#39033;&#19979;&#31649;&#29702;&#21644;&#21672;&#35810;&#26381;&#21153;&#30340;&#22522;&#26412;&#24180;&#36153;&#65292;&#35813;&#31561;&#22522;&#26412;&#24180;&#36153;&#25353;&#23395;&#24230;&#20998;&#22235;&#26399;&#24179;&#22343;&#25903;&#20184;&#65292;&#20057;&#26041;&#24212;&#20998;&#21035;&#22312;&#27599;&#20010;&#23395;&#24230;&#24320;&#22987;&#20043;&#26085;&#36215;&#30340;&#21313;&#20116;&#65288;15&#65289;&#20010;&#24037;&#20316;&#26085;&#20869;&#25903;&#20184;&#33267;&#30002;&#26041;&#25351;&#23450;&#20043;&#38134;&#34892;&#24080;&#25143;&#12290;


of Party B accepted by US GAAP to Party A as the annual fee (the &ldquo;Annual Fee&rdquo;) of management and consultation service
herein. The Annual fee should be paid to the designed bank account of Party A within 15 working days after the first day of each
quarter of the year.








 Party B should pay Floating
Charge (the &ldquo;Floating Charge&rdquo;)
 the amount of which should not be exceed total net profit accepted by the US GAAP deducting
the Annual Fee of Party B
 to Party A in each quarter of the year according to management and consultation service provided by
Party A. The amount of the Floating Charge should be determined by both Parties based on the following factors:


    
    





by Party A for the technology support and service in a certain quarter;




and service in a certain quarter;




service in a certain quarter;




the technology support and service in a certain quarter;








Party A should provide all the required financial information to be used to calculate (the &ldquo;Financial Information&rdquo;)
the Floating Charge on the certain quarter with Party B and should pay the Floating Charge within 30 days of the end each quarter.
Both Parties can engage independent accountants with good reputation to audit on the Financial Information
 if any Party has a
doubt on it. The audit would be conducted during the business hour and should not be affect the normal business of Party B.




7 working days after receiving the written notice regarding the adjustment of the Annual Fee or the Floating Charge from Party
A.




by the US GAAP
 Party A is obliged to absorb all the loss of Party B and to pay the amount of loss to Party B.














 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20
 2019
 BY AND BETWEEN LUCKY SKY PETROCHEMICAL AND SHENZHEN LORAIN



     












&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) is made and entered into by and between the following parties on December 20
 2019 in Xianning
 the People&rsquo;s
Republic of China (&ldquo;China&rdquo; or the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;).



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
3 / F
 building 2
 Golden Bay
 Group 1
 Huangfan village
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lorain Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
F1104
 Building 1
 Meinian Square
 West of Nanhai Avenue
 Shekou Street
 Nanshan District
 Shenzhen





referred to as a &ldquo;Party&rdquo; respectively
 and as the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo; collectively.









in China
 and has the necessary resources to provide management and consulting services;


&#20057;&#26041;&#26159;&#19968;&#23478;&#22312;&#20013;&#22269;&#27880;&#20876;&#30340;&#20869;&#36164;&#20844;&#21496;&#65292;&#20381;&#27861;&#20174;&#20107;&#39135;&#21697;
&#29983;&#20135;&#38144;&#21806;&#19994;&#21153;(&#20197;&#19979;&#31616;&#31216;&rdquo;


in China and engages in food products manufacture and sales and other businesses (the &ldquo;


    
    





consulting services and other commercial services on exclusive basis in relation to the Principal Business during the term of this
Agreement
 utilizing its advantages in management
 human resources
 and information
 and Party B is willing to accept such services
provided by Party A or Party A&rsquo;s designee(s)
 each on the terms set forth herein.




 therefore
 through mutual discussion
the Parties have reached the following agreements:









exclusive services provider to provide Party B with complete management support
 business support and related consulting services
during the term of this Agreement
 in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement
 which may include all necessary
services within the scope of the Principal Business as may be determined from time to time by Party A
 such as but not limited
to technical services
 business consultations
 management consultancy
 and enterprise image design.




services provided by Party A. Party B further agrees that unless with Party A&rsquo;s prior written consent
 during the term of
this Agreement
 Party B shall not directly or indirectly accept the same or any similar consultations and/or services provided
by any third party and shall not establish similar corporation relationship with any third party regarding the matters contemplated
by this Agreement. Party A may appoint other parties
 who may enter into certain agreements described in Section 1.3 with Party
B
 to provide Party B with the consultations and/or services under this Agreement.


    
    









Agreement
 where necessary
 Party B may enter into further management service agreements or consulting service agreements with
Party A or any other party designated by Party A
 which shall provide the specific contents
 manner
 personnel
 and fees for the
specific management services and consulting services.




 Party A and Party B agree
that during the term of this Agreement
 where necessary
 Party B may enter into equipment or property leases with Party A or any
other party designated by Party A which shall permit Party B to use Party A&rsquo;s or its designee&rsquo;s relevant equipment
or property based on the needs of the business of Party B.


    
    







&rdquo;&#65289;&#12290;&#20057;&#26041;&#24212;&#20110;&#27599;&#20010;&#36130;&#25919;&#24180;&#24230;&#26411;&#30340;90&#26085;&#20869;&#65292;(a)&nbsp;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#25552;&#20379;&#20057;&#26041;&#22312;&#26412;&#36130;&#25919;&#24180;&#24230;&#30340;&#32463;&#23457;&#35745;&#30340;&#36130;&#21153;&#25253;&#34920;&#65292;&#35813;&#36130;&#21153;&#25253;&#34920;&#24212;&#24403;&#32463;&#30001;&#30002;&#26041;&#25209;&#20934;&#30340;&#29420;&#31435;&#27880;&#20876;&#20250;&#35745;&#24072;&#23457;&#35745;&#24182;&#35748;&#35777;&#65307;(b)&nbsp;&#22914;&#26524;&#25353;&#29031;&#32463;&#23457;&#35745;&#30340;&#36130;&#21153;&#25253;&#34920;&#26174;&#31034;&#65292;&#26412;&#36130;&#25919;&#24180;&#24230;&#20869;&#20057;&#26041;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#25903;&#20184;&#30340;&#26376;&#20184;&#27454;&#30340;&#24635;&#39069;&#26377;&#20219;&#20309;&#19981;&#36275;&#65292;&#20057;&#26041;&#24212;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#25903;&#20184;&#24046;&#39069;&#12290;&#38500;&#38750;&#21452;&#26041;&#21478;&#34892;&#21327;&#21830;&#19968;&#33268;&#25110;&#26681;&#25454;&#27861;&#24459;&#30340;&#35201;&#27714;&#65292;&#21542;&#21017;&#20057;&#26041;&#26681;&#25454;&#26412;&#21327;&#35758;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#25903;&#20184;&#30340;&#26381;&#21153;&#36153;&#24212;&#19981;&#32463;&#20219;&#20309;&#25187;&#20943;&#25110;&#25269;&#38144;&#65288;&#22914;&#38134;&#34892;&#25163;&#32493;&#36153;&#31561;&#65289;&#12290;&#20057;&#26041;&#25552;&#20379;&#30340;&#31649;&#29702;&#25253;&#34920;&#12289;&#32463;&#33829;&#25968;&#25454;&#21644;&#36130;&#21153;&#25253;&#34920;&#24212;&#30495;&#23454;&#12289;&#26377;
&#25928;&#12289;&#20934;&#30830;&#21644;&#23436;&#25972;&#65292;&#33509;&#20057;&#26041;&#25552;&#20379;&#30340;&#21069;&#36848;&#26448;&#26009;&#23384;&#22312;&#29781;&#30133;&#32780;&#23548;&#33268;&#30002;&#26041;&#20135;&#29983;&#25439;&#22833;&#30340;&#65292;&#20057;&#26041;&#24212;&#23545;&#35813;&#31561;&#25439;&#22833;&#25215;&#25285;&#20840;&#39069;&#30340;&#36180;&#20607;&#36131;&#20219;&#12290;&#22914;&#26524;&#30001;&#20110;&#20057;&#26041;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#25552;&#20379;&#20102;&#34394;&#20551;&#26448;&#26009;&#32780;&#23548;&#33268;&#20943;&#36731;&#25110;&#20813;&#38500;&#20057;&#26041;&#22312;&#26412;&#21327;&#35758;&#39033;&#19979;&#30340;&#20184;&#27454;&#20041;&#21153;&#65292;&#23545;&#20110;&#30001;&#27492;&#32780;&#20943;&#36731;&#25110;&#20813;&#38500;&#30340;&#20184;&#27454;&#25968;&#39069;&#65292;&#20057;&#26041;&#19981;&#21487;&#25764;&#38144;&#22320;&#25215;&#35834;&#21521;&#30002;&#26041;&#20316;&#20986;&#30456;&#24212;&#36180;&#20607;&#12290;


 in consideration of the
services provided by Party A
&rdquo;) equal to 100% of the
after-tax income determined by U.S. GAAP of Party B
 provided that upon mutual discussion between the Parties and the prior written
consent by Party A
 the rate of Service Fees may be adjusted based on the services rendered by Party A in that quarter and the
operational needs of Party B. All out-of-pocket expenses (including without limitation the travelling expenses
 accommodation
transportation
 printing and postage fees etc) that Party A may incur as a result of the provision of the Services hereunder shall
be solely borne by Party B. The Service Fees shall be due and payable on a quarterly basis; within 15 working days after the beginning
of each quarter
 Party B shall (a) deliver to Party A the management accounts and operating statistics of Party B for such quarter
including the after-tax income of Party B during such quarter (the &ldquo;Quarterly Income&rdquo;)
 and (b) pay 100% of such Quarterly
Income
 or other amount agreed by Party A
 to Party A (each such payment
 a &ldquo;Quarterly Payment&rdquo;). Within ninety (90)
days after the end of each fiscal year
 Party B shall (a) deliver to Party A audited financial statements of Party B for such fiscal
year
 which shall be audited and certified by an independent certified public accountant approved by Party A
 and (b) pay an amount
to Party A equal to the shortfall
 if any
 of the net income of Party B for such fiscal year
 as shown in such audited financial
statements
 as compared to the aggregate amount of the Quarterly Payments paid by Party B to Party A in such fiscal year. Unless
the Parties agree otherwise or the law provides otherwise
 the Service Fees payable by Party B hereunder shall not be subject to
any deduction or set-off (e.g. bank handling fees etc). The management report
 operation data and financial statements provided
by Party B shall be true
 valid
 accurate and complete. If Party A suffers any losses as a result of any defect of the aforesaid
documents
 Party B shall be fully responsible for such losses. In the event that Party B&rsquo;s payment obligation hereunder is
reduced or released because of the provision by Party B of any fraudulent materials to Party A
 Party B hereby irrevocably undertakes
to compensate Party A accordingly for the amount so reduced or released.




GAAP when Party B is obligated to pay the Services fees to Party A
 Party A needs to absorb Party B&rsquo;s losses and be responsible
and required to reimbursement Party B for those losses.


    
    





Intellectual Property Rights and Confidentiality
Clauses




 Party A
shall have exclusive and proprietary rights and interests in all rights
 ownership
 interests and intellectual properties arising
out of or created during the performance of this Agreement
 including but not limited to copyrights
 patents
 patent applications
software
 technical secrets
 trade secrets and others. Party B shall execute all appropriate documents
 take all appropriate actions
submit all filings and/or applications
 render all appropriate assistance and otherwise conduct whatever is necessary as deemed
by Party A in its sole discretion for the purposes of vesting any ownership
 right or interest of any such intellectual property
rights in Party A
 and/or perfecting the protections for any such intellectual property rights in Party A.




terms of this Agreement and any oral or written information exchanged between the Parties in connection with the preparation and
performance this Agreement are regarded as confidential information. Each Party shall maintain confidentiality of all such confidential
information
 and without obtaining the written consent of the other Party
 it shall not disclose any relevant confidential information
to any third parties
 except for the information that: (a) is or will be in the public domain (other than through the receiving
Party&rsquo;s unauthorized disclosure); (b) is under the obligation to be disclosed pursuant to the applicable laws or regulations
rules of any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities; or (c) is required to be disclosed by any
Party to its shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors regarding the transaction contemplated hereunder
 provided
that such shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors shall be bound by the confidentiality obligations similar
to those set forth in this Section. Disclosure of any confidential information by the staff members or agencies hired by any Party
shall be deemed disclosure of such confidential information by such Party
 which Party shall be held liable for breach of this
Agreement. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.




to
 and rescission or termination of
 this Agreement.


    
    














registered and validly existing in accordance with the laws of China.




obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution
and performance of this Agreement. Party A&rsquo;s execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements
under any law or regulation binding on Party A.




 valid
and binding obligations
 enforceable in accordance with its terms.








existing in accordance with the laws of China and has obtained the relevant permit and license for engaging in the Principal Business
in a timely manner. It has independent legal person status
 and has full and independent civil and legal capacity to execute
 deliver
and perform this Agreement. It can sue and be sued as a separate entity;


    
    





obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution
and performance of this Agreement. Party B&rsquo;s execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements
under any law or regulation binding on Party B.




 valid
and binding obligations
 and shall be enforceable against it.









written and shall take effect as of such date. This Agreement shall maintain effective unless terminated in accordance with Article
6.1 or was compelled to terminate under applicable PRC laws and regulations.









 unless Party A commits
gross negligence
 or a fraudulent act
 against Party B
 Party B shall not terminate this Agreement prior to its expiration date.
Nevertheless
 Party A shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon giving 30 days&rsquo; prior written notice to Party
B at any time.




3
 7 and 8 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.









 effectiveness
 construction
 performance
amendment and termination of this Agreement and the resolution of disputes hereunder shall be governed by the laws of China.


    
    





and performance of this Agreement
 the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations. In the event the
Parties fail to reach an agreement on the dispute within 30 days after either Party&rsquo;s request to the other Parties for resolution
of the dispute through negotiations
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Southern China Commission of China International
Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted
in Shenzhen
 and the language used in arbitration shall be Chinese. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on all Parties.




construction and performance of this Agreement or during the pending arbitration of any dispute
 except for the matters under dispute
the Parties to this Agreement shall continue to exercise their respective rights under this Agreement and perform their respective
obligations under this Agreement.







 if either Party
&rdquo;) is in breach of any provisions herein or fails to perform its obligations hereunder
&rdquo;)
 which shall entitle
the non-defaulting Party to request the Defaulting Party to rectify or remedy such Default with a reasonable period of time. If
the Defaulting Party fails to rectify or remedy such Default within the reasonable period of time or within 30 days of non-defaulting
Party&rsquo;s written notice requesting for such rectification or remedy
 then the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled to elect
any one of the following remedial actions: (a) to terminate this Agreement and request the Defaulting Party to fully compensate
its losses and damages; (b) to request the specific performance by the Defaulting Party of its obligations hereunder and request
the Defaulting Party to fully compensate non-defaulting Party&rsquo;s losses and damages.


    
    




shall be valid unless it was made in writing. Any failure to exercise or delay in exercising any rights or remedy by any Party
under this Agreement shall not be deemed as a waiver of such Party. Any partial exercise of any right or remedy shall not affect
the exercise of any other rights and remedies.



 the Parties agree
and confirm that in no circumstance shall Party B early terminate this Agreement unless the applicable law or this Agreement provides
otherwise.



the validity of this Clause shall not be affected by the suspension or termination of this Agreement.








to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 by a commercial
courier service to the address of such Party set forth below. A confirmation copy of each notice shall also be sent by email. The
dates on which notices shall be deemed to have been effectively given shall be determined as follows:




 by courier service
or by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of delivery or refusal at the address specified
for notices.


    
    





contact person
 a notice shall be delivered to the other Party in accordance with the terms hereof.









 Party
B shall not assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party.




and rights under this Agreement to any third party upon a prior written notice to Party B but without the consent of Party B.








of this Agreement are found to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws or regulations
 the
validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or compromised in any
aspect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions with effective provisions
that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic effect of such effective
provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions.







    
    





be in writing. The amendment agreements and supplementary agreements that have been signed by the Parties and that relate to this
Agreement shall be an integral part of this Agreement and shall have the same legal validity as this Agreement.









language in two copies
 each Party having one copy with equal legal validity; in case there is any conflict between the Chinese
version and the English version
 the Chinese version shall prevail.



The Remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank


    
    



&#35758;&#24182;&#21363;&#29983;&#25928;&#65292;&#20197;&#26157;&#20449;&#23432;&#12290;


 the Parties have caused
their authorized representatives to execute this Business Cooperation Agreement as of the date first above written.


Party A:&nbsp;&nbsp; Lucky Sky Petrochemical
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Lorain
Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    















 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20
 2019
 BY AND AMONG LUCKY SKY PETROCHEMICAL
 MINGYUE CAI AND SHENZHEN LORAIN



     












has been executed by and among the following parties on December 20
 2019 in Xianning
 the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (&ldquo;China&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;):



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. (thereinafter &ldquo;Pledgee.&rdquo;)

    
    
3 / F
 building 2
 Golden Bay
 Group 1
 Huangfan village
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lorain Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
F1104
 Building 1
 Meinian Square
 West of Nanhai Avenue
 Shekou Street
 Nanshan District
 Shenzhen





 each of Pledgee
 Pledger
and Party C shall be referred to as a &ldquo;Party&rdquo; respectively
 and they shall be collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo;.








C in fact. Party C is a limited liability company registered in Shenzhen
 China. Party C acknowledges the respective rights and
obligations of Pledger and Pledgee under this Agreement
 and intends to provide any necessary assistance in registering the Pledge;


    
    





in China. Pledgee
 Pledger and Party C owned by Pledger have executed a Consultation and Service Agreement and other control agreements
(the &ldquo;




their obligations under the Control Agreements
 and pay the consulting and service fees thereunder to the Pledgee when the sum
becomes due
 Pledger hereby pledges to the Pledgee all of the equity interest he holds in Party C as security for payment of the
consulting and service fees by Party C under the Control Agreements.




the Parties have mutually agreed to execute this Agreement upon the following terms.








 the terms below shall
have the following meanings:




by Pledger to Pledgee pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement
 i.e.
 the right of Pledgee to be compensated on a preferential basis
with the conversion
 auction or sales price of the Equity Interest.




lawfully now held and hereafter acquired by Pledger in Party C.




Section 3 of this Agreement.


    
    





Service Agreements
 Business Cooperation Agreement and other relevant control agreements executed by and among Pledger
 Party C
and Pledgee on December 20
 2019.




set forth in Section 7 of this Agreement.




by Pledgee in accordance with this Agreement declaring an Event of Default.








Agreements and the timely and complete payment when due (whether at stated maturity
 by acceleration or otherwise) of any or all
of the payments due by Party C and/or Pledger
 including without limitation the consulting and services fees payable to the Pledgee
under the Control Agreements
 Pledger hereby pledges to Pledgee a first security interest in all of Pledger&rsquo;s right
 title
and interest
 whether now owned or hereafter acquired by Pledger
 in the Equity Interest of Party C.








 the Parties should complete
the pledge of the Equity Interest contemplated registered with relevant administration for industry and commerce (the &ldquo;AIC&rdquo;)
as soon as possible. The Pledge shall be continuously valid until the Pledger is no longer a shareholder of Party C or the satisfaction
of all its obligations by the Party C under the Control Agreements. The Pledgers shall be responsible for recording of this Agreement
in the Company&rsquo;s Register of Shareholders.


    
    





 in the event Party C fails
to pay the exclusive consulting or service fees in accordance with the Control Agreements
 Pledgee shall have the right
 but not
the obligation
 to dispose of the Pledge in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.



Custody of Records for Equity Interest
subject to Pledge




Pledger shall deliver to Pledgee&rsquo;s custody the capital contribution certificate for the Equity Interest and the shareholders&rsquo;
register containing the Pledge within one week from the execution of this Agreement. Pledgee shall have custody of such items during
the entire Term of Pledge set forth in this Agreement.




by the Equity Interest during the Term of Pledge.








of register of shareholder.




the Equity Interest in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Agreement.




 Pledger has not placed any security
interest or other encumbrance on the Equity Interest.


    
    




Covenants and Further Agreements of
Pledger




 that during
the term of this Agreement
 Pledger shall:




 place or permit the
existence of any security interest or other encumbrance on the Equity Interest
 without the prior written consent of Pledgee
 except
for the performance of the Equity Option Agreement (the &ldquo;Equity Option Agreement&rdquo;) executed by Pledger
 the Pledgee
and Party C on the execution date of this Agreement;




applicable to the pledge of rights
 and within 5 working days of receipt of any notice
 order or recommendation issued or prepared
by relevant competent authorities regarding the Pledge
 shall present the aforementioned notice
 order or recommendation to Pledgee
and shall comply with the aforementioned notice
 order or recommendation or submit objections and representations with respect
to the aforementioned matters upon Pledgee&rsquo;s reasonable request or upon consent of Pledgee;




by Pledger that may have an impact on Pledgee&rsquo;s rights to the Equity Interest or any portion thereof
 as well as any event
or notice received by Pledger that may have an impact on any guarantees and other obligations of Pledger arising out of this Agreement.




in accordance with this Agreement with respect to the Pledge shall not be interrupted or harmed by Pledger or any heirs or representatives
of Pledger or any other persons through any legal proceedings.


    
    





by this Agreement for payment of the consulting and service fees under the Control Agreements
 Pledger hereby undertakes to execute
in good faith and to cause other parties who have an interest in the Pledge to execute all certificates
 agreements
 deeds and/or
covenants required by Pledgee. Pledger also undertakes to perform and to cause other parties who have an interest in the Pledge
to perform actions required by Pledgee
 to facilitate the exercise by Pledgee of its rights and authority granted thereto by this
Agreement
 and to enter into all relevant documents regarding ownership of Equity Interest with Pledgee or designee(s) of Pledgee
(natural persons/legal persons). Pledger undertakes to provide Pledgee within a reasonable time with all notices
 orders and decisions
regarding the Pledge that are required by Pledgee.




all guarantees
 promises
 agreements
 representations and conditions under this Agreement. In the event of failure or partial performance
of its guarantees
 promises
 agreements
 representations and conditions
 Pledger shall indemnify Pledgee for all losses resulting
therefrom.




with the Administration for Industry and Commerce concerning the Pledge as soon as practical after the execution of this Agreement.




Pledgee&rsquo;s prior written consent
 Pledger shall not transfer the Equity Interest and any action for the proposed transfer
of the Equity Interest of Pledger shall be invalid. Any payment received by Pledger for transfer of the Equity Interest shall be
firstly used to repay the secured obligations to Pledgee or be placed in escrow with a third party as agreed with Pledgee.


    
    









Default:




under the Control Agreements
 including without limitation failure to pay in full any of the consulting and service fees payable
under the Control Agreements or breaches any other obligations of Party C thereunder;




of any provisions of this Agreement;




Pledger transfers or purports to transfer or abandons the Equity Interest pledged or assigns the Equity Interest pledged without
the written consent of Pledgee; and




only partially performing or refusing to perform the payment obligations under the Control Agreements.




or property of the Pledger
 which in Pledgee&rsquo;s determination
 may impact the ability of the Pledger to perform its obligations
hereunder.




the Pledgee is not or may not able to exercise its rights hereunder in accordance with the applicable law.


    
    





or event that may lead to the aforementioned circumstances described in Section 7.1
 Pledger shall immediately notify Pledgee in
writing accordingly.




7.1 has been successfully resolved to Pledgee&rsquo;s satisfaction within twenty (20) days after the Pledgee delivers a notice
to the Pledger requesting ratification of such Event of Default
 Pledgee may issue a Notice of Default to Pledger in writing at
any time thereafter
 demanding to immediately dispose of the Pledge in accordance with the provisions of Section 8 of this Agreement.








fees described in the Control Agreements
 without the Pledgee&rsquo;s written consent
 Pledger shall not assign the Equity Interest
in Party C.




exercising the Pledge.




 Pledgee may
exercise the right to enforce the Pledge at any time after the issuance of the Notice of Default in accordance with Section 7.3.
Once Pledgee elects to enforce the Pledge
 Pledger shall cease to be entitled to any rights or interests associated with the Equity
Interest.




 Pledgee is entitled to dispose
of the Equity Interest in accordance with applicable PRC laws. Only to the extent permitted under applicable PRC laws
 Pledgee
has no obligation to account to Pledger for proceeds of disposition of the Equity Interest
 and Pledger hereby waives any rights
it may have to demand any such accounting from Pledgee.


    
    





this Agreement
 Pledger and Party C shall provide necessary assistance to enable Pledgee to enforce the Pledge in accordance with
this Agreement.








 Pledger
shall not have the right to assign or delegate its rights and obligations under this Agreement.




successors and permitted assigns
 and shall be valid with respect to Pledgee and each of its successors and assigns.




 Pledgee may assign any and all of its
rights and obligations under the Control Agreements to its designee(s) (natural/legal persons)
 in which case the assigns shall
have the rights and obligations of Pledgee under this Agreement
 as if it were the original party to this Agreement. When the Pledgee
assigns the rights and obligations under the Control Agreements
 upon Pledgee&rsquo;s request
 Pledger shall execute relevant agreements
or other documents relating to such assignment.




Pledger shall
 at the request of Pledgee
 execute a new pledge agreement with the new pledgee on the same terms and conditions
as this Agreement
 and register the same with the relevant AIC.


    
    





Agreement and other contracts jointly or separately executed by the Parties hereto or any of them
 including the Equity Option
Agreement and the Power of Attorney granted to Pledgee
 perform the obligations hereunder and thereunder
 and refrain from any
action/omission that may affect the effectiveness and enforceability thereof. Any remaining rights of Pledger with respect to the
Equity Interest pledged hereunder shall not be exercised by Pledger except in accordance with the written instructions of Pledgee.








fees under the Control Agreements and upon termination of Party C&rsquo;s obligations under the Control Agreements
 this Agreement
shall be terminated
 and Pledgee shall then terminate the equity pledge under this Agreement as soon as reasonably practicable.








Agreement
 including but not limited to legal costs
 costs of production
 stamp tax and any other taxes and fees
 shall be borne
by Party C.


    
    









terms of this Agreement and any oral or written information exchanged between the Parties in connection with the preparation and
performance this Agreement are regarded as confidential information. Each Party shall maintain confidentiality of all such confidential
information
 and without obtaining the written consent of the other Party
 it shall not disclose any relevant confidential information
to any third parties
 except for the information that: (a) is or will be in the public domain (other than through the receiving
Party&rsquo;s unauthorized disclosure); (b) is under the obligation to be disclosed pursuant to the applicable laws or regulations
rules of any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities; or (c) is required to be disclosed by any
Party to its shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors regarding the transaction contemplated hereunder
 provided
that such shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors shall be bound by the confidentiality obligations similar
to those set forth in this Section. Disclosure of any confidential information by the staff members or agencies hired by any Party
shall be deemed disclosure of such confidential information by such Party
 which Party shall be held liable for breach of this
Agreement. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.








 effectiveness
 construction
 performance
amendment and termination of this Agreement and the resolution of disputes hereunder shall be governed by the laws of China.




and performance of this Agreement
 the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations. In the event the
Parties fail to reach an agreement on the dispute within 30 days after either Party&rsquo;s request to the other Parties for resolution
of the dispute through negotiations
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Southern China Commission of China International
Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted
in Shenzhen
 and the language used in arbitration shall be Chinese. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on all Parties.


    
    





construction and performance of this Agreement or during the pending arbitration of any dispute
 except for the matters under dispute
the Parties to this Agreement shall continue to exercise their respective rights under this Agreement and perform their respective
obligations under this Agreement.








to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 by a commercial
courier service to the address of such party set forth below. A confirmation copy of each notice shall also be sent by E-mail.
The dates on which notices shall be deemed to have been effectively given shall be determined as follows:



 by courier service
or by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of acceptance or refusal at the address specified
for notices.




contact person
 a notice shall be delivered to the other Parties in accordance with the terms hereof.


    
    









of this Agreement are found to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws or regulations
 the
validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or compromised in any
respect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions with effective provisions
that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic effect of such effective
provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions.








part of this Agreement.








have duly executed this Agreement.




 changes and supplements to this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall become effective after the affixation of the signatures or seals of the Parties.




three copies. Pledger
 Pledgee and Party C shall hold one copy respectively. Each copy of this Agreement shall have equal validity.
In case there is any conflict between the Chinese version and the English version
 the Chinese version shall prevail.



The Remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank


    
    





 the Parties have caused
their authorized representatives to execute this Equity Pledge Agreement as of the date first above written.


Party A:&nbsp;&nbsp;Lucky Sky Petrochemical
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
    
    



Lorain
Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    










(Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.;





Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.;
























 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20
 2019
 BY AND AMONG LUCKY SKY PETROCHEMICAL
 MINGYUE CAI AND SHENZHEN LORAIN



     












is executed by and among the following Parties as of December 20
 2019 in Xianning
 the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (&ldquo;China&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;):



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
3 / F
 building 2
 Golden Bay
 Group 1
 Huangfan village
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lorain Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
F1104
 Building 1
 Meinian Square
 West of Nanhai Avenue
 Shekou Street
 Nanshan District
 Shenzhen





 each of Party A
 Party
B and Party C shall be referred to as a &ldquo;Party&rdquo; respectively
 and they shall be collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo;.




interest in Party C. Party A and Party C have executed a Consultation and Service Agreement
 Business Cooperation Agreement and
other control agreements (the &ldquo;Control Agreements&rdquo;).




 upon mutual discussion and
negotiation
 the Parties have reached the following agreement:


    
    




Sale and Purchase of Equity
Interest








of RMB 1 by Party A
 the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged by Party B
 Party B hereby irrevocably agrees that
on the condition that it is permitted by the PRC laws
 Party A has the right to require Party B to fulfill and complete all approval
and registration procedures required under PRC laws for Party A to purchase
 or designate one or more persons (each
 a &ldquo;Designee&rdquo;)
to purchase
 Party B&rsquo;s equity interests in Party C
 once or at multiple times at any time in part or in whole at Party A&rsquo;s
sole and absolute discretion and at the price described in Section 1.3 herein (such right being the &ldquo;Equity Interest Purchase
Option&rdquo;). Party A&rsquo;s Equity Interest Purchase Option shall be exclusive. Except for Party A and the Designee(s)
 no
other person shall be entitled to the Equity Interest Purchase Option or other rights with respect to the equity interests of Party
B. Party C hereby agrees to the grant by Party B of the Equity Interest Purchase Option to Party A. The term &ldquo;person&rdquo;
as used herein shall refer to individuals
 corporations
 partnerships
 partners
 enterprises
 trusts or non-corporate organizations.




Purchase Option




laws and regulations of China
 Party A may exercise the Equity Interest Purchase Option by issuing a written notice to Party B
(the &ldquo;Equity Interest Purchase Option Notice&rdquo;)
 specifying: (a) Party A&rsquo;s decision to exercise the Equity Interest
Purchase Option; (b) the portion of equity interests to be purchased from Party B (the &ldquo;Optioned Interests&rdquo;); and (c)
the date for purchasing the Optioned Interests and/or the date for transfer of the Optioned Interests.


    
    









Interests (the &ldquo;Base Price&rdquo;) shall be shall be the lowest price allowed by the laws of China. If appraisal is required
by the laws of China at the time when Party A exercises the Equity Interest Purchase Option
 the Parties shall negotiate in good
faith and based on the appraisal result make necessary adjustment to the Equity Interest Purchase Price so that it complies with
any and all then applicable laws of China (collectively
 the &ldquo;Equity Interest Purchase Price&rdquo;). When the price is higher
than the registered capital of Party C
 calculated pro rata for purchase of less than all of the Equity Interest
 the excessive
part of the price shall be returned to Party A or its designee in a manner as instructed by Party A.








Interest Purchase Option:




promptly convene a shareholders&rsquo; meeting
 at which a resolution shall be adopted approving Party B&rsquo;s transfer of the
Optioned Interests to Party A and/or the Designee(s);




from the other shareholders of Party C giving consent to the transfer of the equity interest to Party A and/or the Designee(s)
and waiving any right of first refusal related thereto.




contract with respect to each transfer with Party A and/or each Designee (whichever is applicable)
 in accordance with the provisions
of this Agreement and the Equity Interest Purchase Option Notice regarding the Optioned Interests;


    
    





all other necessary contracts
 agreements or documents
 obtain all necessary government licenses and permits and take all necessary
actions to transfer valid ownership of the Optioned Interests to Party A and/or the Designee(s)
 unencumbered by any security interests
and cause Party A and/or the Designee(s) to become the registered owner(s) of the Optioned Interests. For the purpose of this Section
and this Agreement
 &ldquo;security interests&rdquo; shall include securities
 mortgages
 third party&rsquo;s rights or interests
any stock options
 acquisition right
 right of first refusal
 right to offset
 ownership retention or other security arrangements
but shall be deemed to exclude any security interest created by this Agreement and Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement. &ldquo;Party
B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement&rdquo; as used in this Section and this Agreement shall refer to the Equity Pledge Agreement
(&ldquo;Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement&rdquo;) executed by and among Party A
 Party B and Party C as of the date hereof
whereby Party B pledges all of its equity interests in Party C to Party A
 in order to guarantee Party C&rsquo;s performance of
its obligations under the Control Agreements executed by and between Party C and Party A.












Party C) and Party C hereby covenant as follows:




of Party A
 they shall not in any manner supplement
 change or amend the articles of association and bylaws of Party C
 increase
or decrease its registered capital
 or change its structure of registered capital in other manners;


    
    





corporate existence in accordance with good financial and business standards and practices by prudently and effectively operating
its business and handling its affairs;




of Party A
 they shall not at any time following the date hereof
 sell
 transfer
 mortgage or dispose of in any manner any assets
of Party C or legal or beneficial interest in the business or revenues of Party C
 or allow the encumbrance thereon of any security
interest;




of Party A
 they shall not incur
 inherit
 guarantee or suffer the existence of any debt
 except for (i) debts incurred in the
ordinary course of business other than through loans; and (ii) debts disclosed to Party A for which Party A&rsquo;s written consent
has been obtained;




Party C&rsquo;s businesses during the ordinary course of business to maintain the asset value of Party C and refrain from any action/omission
that may affect Party C&rsquo;s operating status and asset value;


000&#20803;&#65292;&#21363;&#34987;&#35270;&#20026;&#37325;&#22823;&#21512;&#21516;)&#65307;


of Party A
 they shall not cause Party C to execute any major contract
 except the contracts in the ordinary course of business
(for purpose of this subsection
 a contract with a price exceeding RMB 100
000 shall be deemed a major contract);




of Party A
 they shall not cause Party C to provide any person with any loan or credit;


    
    





information on Party C&rsquo;s business operations and financial condition at Party A&rsquo;s request;




 they shall
procure and maintain insurance in respect of Party C&rsquo;s assets and business from an insurance carrier acceptable to Party
A
 at an amount and type of coverage typical for companies that operate similar businesses;




of Party A
 they shall not cause or permit Party C to merge
 consolidate with
 acquire or invest in any person;




A of the occurrence or possible occurrence of any litigation
 arbitration or administrative proceedings relating to Party C&rsquo;s
assets
 business or revenue;




C of all of its assets
 they shall execute all necessary or appropriate documents
 take all necessary or appropriate actions and
file all necessary or appropriate complaints or raise necessary and appropriate defenses against all claims;




of Party A
 they shall ensure that Party C shall not in any manner distribute dividends to its shareholders
 provided that upon
Party A&rsquo;s written request
 Party C shall immediately distribute all distributable profits to its shareholders; and




 they
shall appoint any persons designated by Party A as directors of Party C; without the prior written consent of Party A
 they shall
not replace the directors of Party C.


    
    













of Party A
 Party B shall not sell
 transfer
 mortgage or dispose of in any other manner any legal or beneficial interest in the
equity interests in Party C held by Party B
 or allow the encumbrance thereon of any security interest
 except for the pledge placed
on these equity interests in accordance with Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement;




meeting and/or the board of directors of Party C not to approve the sale
 transfer
 mortgage or disposition in any other manner
of any legal or beneficial interest in the equity interests in Party C held by Party B
 or allow the encumbrance thereon of any
security interest
 without the prior written consent of Party A
 except for the pledge placed on these equity interests in accordance
with Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement;




meeting or the board of directors of Party C not to approve the merger or consolidation with any person
 or the acquisition of
or investment in any person
 without the prior written consent of Party A;




Party A of the occurrence or possible occurrence of any litigation
 arbitration or administrative proceedings relating to the equity
interests in Party C held by Party B;


    
    





meeting or the board of directors of Party C to vote their approval of the transfer of the Optioned Interests as set forth in this
Agreement and to take any and all other actions that may be requested by Party A;




Party B&rsquo;s ownership in Party C
 Party B shall execute all necessary or appropriate documents
 take all necessary or appropriate
actions and file all necessary or appropriate complaints or raise necessary and appropriate defenses against all claims;




of Party A as director and/or executive director of Party C
 at the request of Party A; without the prior written consent of Party
A
 they shall not replace the directors of Party C;




of attorney as Party A may request from time to time
 to authorize Party A and/or the individual designated by Party A to exercise
Party B&rsquo;s voting rights as a shareholder in Party C.




time
 Party B shall promptly and unconditionally transfer its equity interests in Party C to Party A&rsquo;s Designee(s) in accordance
with the Equity Interest Purchase Option under this Agreement
 and Party B hereby waives its right of first refusal to the respective
share transfer by the other existing shareholder of Party C (if any); and




the provisions of this Agreement and other contracts jointly or separately executed by and among Party B
 Party C and Party A
perform the obligations hereunder and thereunder
 and refrain from any action/omission that may affect the effectiveness and enforceability
thereof. If Party B retains any additional rights other than those rights provided for under this Agreement
 Party B&rsquo;s Equity
Pledge Agreement and the powers of attorney issued to Party A and/or the individual designated by Party A
 Party B shall not exercise
such rights without Party A&rsquo;s written direction.


    
    









and warrant to Party A
 jointly and severally
 as of the date of this Agreement that:




and deliver this Agreement and any share transfer contracts to which they are parties concerning the Optioned Interests to be transferred
thereunder (each
 a &ldquo;Transfer Contract&rdquo;)
 and to perform their obligations under this Agreement and any Transfer Contracts.
Party B and Party C agree to enter into Transfer Contracts consistent with the terms of this Agreement upon Party A&rsquo;s exercise
of the Equity Interest Purchase Option. This Agreement and the Transfer Contracts to which they are parties constitute or will
constitute their legal
 valid and binding obligations and shall be enforceable against them in accordance with the provisions thereof;




Agreement or any Transfer Contracts and the obligations under this Agreement or any Transfer Contracts shall not: (i) cause any
violation of any applicable laws of China; (ii) be inconsistent with the articles of association
 bylaws or other organizational
documents of Party C; (iii) cause the violation of any contracts or instruments to which they are a party or which are binding
on them
 or constitute any breach under any contracts or instruments to which they are a party or which are binding on them; (iv)
cause any violation of any condition for the grant and/or continued effectiveness of any licenses or permits issued to either of
them; or (v) cause the suspension or revocation of or imposition of additional conditions to any licenses or permits issued to
either of them;




title to the equity interests in Party C he holds. Except for Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement
 Party B has not placed any
security interest on such equity interests;


    
    





title to all of its assets
 and has not placed any security interest on the aforementioned assets;




debts
 except for (i) debt incurred in the ordinary course of business; and (ii) debts disclosed to Party A for which Party A&rsquo;s
written consent has been obtained.




and regulations of China applicable to equity or asset acquisitions; and




litigation
 arbitration or administrative proceedings relating to the equity interests in Party C
 assets of Party C or Party C.








upon the date hereof
 and remain effective until all the equity interest owned by Party B in Party C has been legally transferred
to Party A or the Designee(s) in accordance with this Agreement.










    
    





 effectiveness
 construction
performance
 amendment and termination of this Agreement and the resolution of disputes hereunder shall be governed by the formally
published and publicly available laws of China. Matters not covered by formally published and publicly available laws of China
shall be governed by international legal principles and practices.








respect to the construction and performance of this Agreement
 the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations.
In the event the Parties fail to reach an agreement on the dispute within 30 days after either Party&rsquo;s request to the other
Parties for resolution of the dispute through negotiations
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Southern China
Commission of China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration
Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in Shenzhen
 and the language used in arbitration shall be Chinese. The arbitration award
shall be final and binding on all Parties.








transfer and registration tax
 expenses and fees incurred thereby or levied thereon in accordance with the laws of China in connection
with the preparation and execution of this Agreement and the Transfer Contracts
 as well as the consummation of the transactions
contemplated under this Agreement and the Transfer Contracts.


    
    









required or permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail
 postage
prepaid
 by a commercial courier service to the address of such Party set forth below. A confirmation copy of each notice shall
also be sent by email. The dates on which notices shall be deemed to have been effectively given shall be determined as follows:




by courier service or by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of acceptance or refusal
at the address specified for notices.




for notices or its contact person
 a notice shall be delivered to the other Party in accordance with the terms hereof.








existence and the terms of this Agreement and any oral or written information exchanged between the Parties in connection with
the preparation and performance this Agreement are regarded as confidential information. Each Party shall maintain confidentiality
of all such confidential information
 and without obtaining the written consent of the other Party
 it shall not disclose any relevant
confidential information to any third parties
 except for the information that: (a) is or will be in the public domain (other than
through the receiving Party&rsquo;s unauthorized disclosure); (b) is under the obligation to be disclosed pursuant to the applicable
laws or regulations
 rules of any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities; or (c) is required to
be disclosed by any Party to its shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors regarding the transaction contemplated
hereunder
 provided that such shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors shall be bound by the confidentiality
obligations similar to those set forth in this Section. Disclosure of any confidential information by the staff members or agencies
hired by any Party shall be deemed disclosure of such confidential information by such Party
 which Party shall be held liable
for breach of this Agreement. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.


    
    









documents that are reasonably required for or are conducive to the implementation of the provisions and purposes of this Agreement
and take further actions that are reasonably required for or are conducive to the implementation of the provisions and purposes
of this Agreement.








 change and supplement




 change and supplement
to this Agreement shall require the execution of a written agreement by all of the Parties.








 supplements
or changes in writing executed after the execution of this Agreement
 this Agreement shall constitute the entire agreement reached
by and among the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof
 and shall supercede all prior oral and written consultations
representations and contracts reached with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.


    
    









are for convenience only
 and shall not be used to interpret
 explain or otherwise affect the meanings of the provisions of this
Agreement.








Chinese and English language in three copies
 each Party having one copy with equal legal validity; in case there is any conflict
between the Chinese version and the English version
 the Chinese version shall prevail.








of the provisions of this Agreement are found to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws
or regulations
 the validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or
compromised in any respect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions
with effective provisions that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic
effect of such effective provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable
provisions.






    
    





on and shall inure to the interest of the respective successors of the Parties and the permitted assigns of such Parties.








conditions of this Agreement
 provided that such a waiver must be provided in writing and shall require the signatures of the Parties.
No waiver by any Party in certain circumstances with respect to a breach by other Parties shall operate as a waiver by such a Party
with respect to any similar breach in other circumstances.








are due as a result of this Agreement upon the expiration or early termination of this Agreement shall survive the expiration or
early termination thereof.




 7
8 and this Section 10.8 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.






&#19979;&#30340;&#20219;&#20309;&#19968;&#39033;&#20041;&#21153;&#65292;&#21363;&#26500;&#25104;&#26412;&#21512;&#21516;&#39033;&#19979;&#30340;&#36829;&#32422;&#65288;&#20197;&#19979;&#31216;&rdquo;&#36829;&#32422;&rdquo;&#65289;&#65292;&#23432;&#32422;&#26041;&#26377;&#26435;&#35201;&#27714;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#22312;&#21512;&#29702;&#26399;&#38480;&#20869;&#34917;&#27491;&#25110;&#37319;&#21462;&#34917;&#25937;&#25514;&#26045;&#12290;&#22914;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#22312;&#21512;&#29702;&#26399;&#38480;&#20869;&#25110;&#22312;&#23432;&#32422;&#26041;&#20070;&#38754;&#36890;&#30693;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#24182;&#25552;&#20986;&#34917;&#27491;&#35201;&#27714;&#21518;&#21313;&#65288;10&#65289;&#22825;&#20869;&#20173;&#26410;&#34917;&#27491;&#25110;&#37319;&#21462;&#34917;&#25937;&#25514;&#26045;&#30340;&#65292;&#21017;&#23432;&#32422;&#26041;&#26377;&#26435;&#33258;&#34892;&#20915;&#23450;&#36873;&#25321;&#20197;&#19979;&#30340;&#20219;&#19968;&#31181;&#36829;&#32422;&#25937;&#27982;&#26041;&#24335;&#65306;&#65288;1&#65289;&#32456;&#27490;&#26412;&#21512;&#21516;&#65292;&#24182;&#35201;&#27714;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#32473;&#20104;&#20840;&#37096;&#30340;&#25439;&#23475;&#36180;&#20607;&#65307;&#65288;2&#65289;&#35201;&#27714;&#24378;&#21046;&#23653;&#34892;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#22312;&#26412;&#21512;&#21516;&#39033;&#19979;&#30340;&#20041;&#21153;&#65292;&#24182;&#35201;&#27714;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#32473;&#20104;&#20840;&#37096;&#30340;&#25439;&#23475;&#36180;&#20607;&#65307;&#25110;&#32773;&#65288;3&#65289;&#25353;&#29031;&#20057;&#26041;&#32929;&#26435;&#36136;&#25276;&#21512;&#21516;&#30340;&#32422;&#23450;&#20197;&#36136;&#25276;&#32929;&#26435;&#25240;&#20215;&#65292;&#25293;&#21334;&#25110;&#32773;&#21464;&#21334;&#65292;&#24182;&#20197;&#25240;&#20215;&#12289;&#25293;&#21334;&#25110;&#32773;&#21464;&#21334;&#30340;&#20215;&#27454;&#20248;&#20808;&#21463;&#20607;&#65292;&#24182;&#35201;&#27714;&#36829;&#32422;&#26041;&#25215;&#25285;&#30001;&#27492;&#36896;&#25104;&#30340;&#20840;&#37096;&#25439;&#22833;&#65307;


&rdquo;) is in material breach of any provisions herein or fails to perform any
obligations hereunder in any material respect
&rdquo;)
which shall entitle non-defaulting Party to request Defaulting Party to rectify or remedy such Default with a reasonable period
of time. If the Defaulting Party fails to rectify or remedy such Default within the reasonable period of time or within 10 days
of non-defaulting Party&rsquo;s written notice requesting for such rectification or remedy
 the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled
to elect any one of the following remedial actions: (a) to terminate this Agreement and request the Defaulting Party to fully compensate
its losses and damages; (b) to request the specific performance by the Defaulting Party of its obligations hereunder and request
the Defaulting Party to fully compensate non-defaulting Party&rsquo;s losses and damages; or (c) to enforce the pledge under the
Party B&rsquo;s Equity Pledge Agreement by selling
 auctioning or exchanging the pledged equity thereunder and receive payment
in priority from the proceeds derived therefrom
 and in the meantime
 request the Defaulting Party to fully compensate non-defaulting
Party for any losses as a result thereof.




for in this Agreement shall be accumulative and shall not affect any other rights and remedies stipulated at law.



The Remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank


    
    





 the Parties have caused
their authorized representatives to execute this Equity Option Agreement as of the date first above written.



Party A:&nbsp;&nbsp;Lucky Sky Petrochemical
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
    
    

    
    
    



Lorain
Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    















 DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20
 2019
 BY AND AMONG LUCKY SKY PETROCHEMICAL
 MINGYUE CAI AND SHENZHEN LORAIN



     







Voting Rights Proxy and Financial Supporting
Agreement




(the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) is made in Xianning
 China on December 20
 2019 among the following parties:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Designee&rdquo;

    
    
3 / F
 building 2
 Golden Bay
 Group 1
 Huangfan village
 Xianning City
 Hubei Province

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Lorain Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
F1104
 Building 1
 Meinian Square
 West of Nanhai Avenue
 Shekou Street
 Nanshan District
 Shenzhen




 each of Party A
 Party B and Party C shall
be referred to as a &ldquo;Party&rdquo; respectively
 and they shall be collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo;.)







 the shareholder of Party C
 owns
100% of the equity interest in Party C in record.




entrust Party B or Party B&rsquo;s designee to vote on his or her behalf at the shareholders&rsquo; meeting of Party C
 and Party
B is willing to accept such proxy on behalf of Entrusting Party.


    
    





 the Parties hereby agree as follows:








he/she shall execute the Power of Attorney (&ldquo;POA&rdquo;) set forth in Exhibit A upon signing this Agreement and entrust Party
B or Party B&rsquo;s designee (&ldquo;Designee&rdquo;) to exercise all his or her rights as the shareholder of Party C under the
Articles of Association of Party C
 including without limitation to:




with the Articles of Association of Party C and attend shareholders&rsquo; meetings of Party C as the agent and attorney of Entrusting
Party;




respect to all matters to be discussed and voted in the shareholders&rsquo; meeting of Party C
 including but not limited to designate
and appoint the director
 the chief executive officer and other senior management members of Party C;




entitled to under the laws of China promulgated from time to time; and




entitled to under the Articles of Association of Party C amended from time to time;




forth in Clause 1.1. Upon receipt of the written notice of change of Designee from Party B
 the Entrusting Party shall immediately
entrust such person to exercise the rights set forth in Clause 1.1. Except the aforesaid situation
 the proxy shall be irrevocable
and continuously valid.


    
    





all the actions associated with the proxy conducted by the Designee.




 Designee is entitled
to exercise all proxy rights without the consent of Entrusting Party.








 the Designee is
entitled to request relevant information of Party C and inspect the materials of Party C. Party C shall provide appropriate assistance
to the Designee for his/her work.




inform Party B once the proxy matter happens.








to the Designee for the performance of proxy rights provided in this Agreement
 including signing and executing the shareholders&rsquo;
resolution and other relevant legal documents (if applicable) which have been confirmed by the Designee.


    
    





of this Agreement are found to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any aspect in accordance with any laws or regulations
 the
validity
 legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or compromised in any
aspect. The Parties shall strive in good faith to replace such invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions with effective provisions
that accomplish to the greatest extent permitted by law and the intentions of the Parties
 and the economic effect of such effective
provisions shall be as close as possible to the economic effect of those invalid
 illegal or unenforceable provisions.








rights by the Entrusting Party
 Party B agrees to arrange for funds to be provided as necessary to Party C in connection with the
business (the &ldquo;Financial Support&rdquo;). Party B further agrees that should the business fails in the ordinary course of
business
 and as a result Party C is unable to repay the Financial Support
 the Party C shall have no repayment obligation.








to Party B as follows:




to enter into this Agreement and perform his or her obligations under this Agreement and in executing the POA; This Agreement and
the POA constitute legal
 valid
 binding and enforceable obligation of each Entrusting Party.




the execution and delivery of this Agreement
 and the execution
 delivery and performance of this Agreement will not conflict with
or violate any and all constitutional documents of Party C.


    
    





owner of the shares of Party C
 and none of the shares held by the Entrusting Party is subject to any encumbrance or other restrictions
except as otherwise provided under the Equity Pledge Agreement and Equity Option Agreement entered into by and between Party B
Party C and the Entrusting Party. According to this Agreement
 the Designee has full power and legal rights to exercise the proxy
rights according to the Articles of Association of Party C.








existing in accordance with the laws of China and has independent legal person status
 and has full and independent civil and legal
capacity to execute
 deliver and perform this Agreement. It can sue and be sued as a separate entity;




obtained all necessary authorization and the consent and approval from third parties and government agencies (if any) for the execution
and performance of this Agreement. Party C&rsquo;s execution and performance of this Agreement do not violate any explicit requirements
under any law or regulation binding on Party C.




and beneficial owner of the shares of Party C
 and none of the shares held by the Entrusting Party is subject to any encumbrance
or other restrictions
 except as otherwise provided under the Equity Pledge Agreement and Equity Option Agreement entered into
by and between Party B
 Party C and the Entrusting Party. According to this Agreement
 the Designee has full power and legal rights
to exercise the proxy rights according to the Articles of Association of Party C.


    
    









hereof with a term of thirty (30) years. The Parties agree that
 this Agreement can be extended only if Party B gives its written
consent of the extension of this Agreement before the expiration of this Agreement and the other Parties shall agree with this
extension without reserve.




her equity interests in Party C subject to the prior consent of Party B
 the obligations and warranties under this Agreement of
the Entrusting Party shall be undertaken by the assignee.








permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered in written.




 by courier service
or by registered mail
 postage prepaid
 shall be deemed effectively given on the date of acceptance or refusal at the address specified
for notices. Notices given by facsimile transmission shall be deemed effectively given on the date of successful transmission (as
evidenced by an automatically generated confirmation of transmission).


    
    









terms of this Agreement and any oral or written information exchanged between the Parties in connection with the preparation and
performance this Agreement are regarded as confidential information. Each Party shall maintain confidentiality of all such confidential
information
 and without obtaining the written consent of the other Party
 it shall not disclose any relevant confidential information
to any third parties
 except for the information that: (a) is or will be in the public domain (other than through the receiving
Party&rsquo;s unauthorized disclosure); (b) is under the obligation to be disclosed pursuant to the applicable laws or regulations
rules of any stock exchange
 or orders of the court or other government authorities; or (c) is required to be disclosed by any
Party to its shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors regarding the transaction contemplated hereunder
 provided
that such shareholders
 investors
 legal counsels or financial advisors shall be bound by the confidentiality obligations similar
to those set forth in this Section. Disclosure of any confidential information by the staff members or agencies hired by any Party
shall be deemed disclosure of such confidential information by such Party
 which Party shall be held liable for breach of this
Agreement. This Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement for any reason.








 if either Party
is in breach of any provisions herein or fails to perform its obligations hereunder
 such breach or failure shall constitute a
default under this Agreement
 which shall entitle the non-defaulting Party to request the defaulting Party to rectify or remedy
such default with a reasonable period of time. If the defaulting Party fails to rectify or remedy such default within the reasonable
period of time or within 10 days of non-defaulting Party&rsquo;s written notice requesting for such rectification or remedy
 then
the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled to elect the following remedial actions:


    
    





Party C
 then Party B has the right to terminate this Agreement and request the defaulting Party to fully compensate its losses
and damages;




 then the non-defaulting
Party has the right to request the defaulting Party to fully compensate its losses and damages
 but in no circumstance shall the
non-defaulting Party early terminate this Agreement unless the applicable law provides otherwise.




the validity of this Section shall not be affect by the suspension or termination of this Agreement.








language bearing the same legal effect. In the event of any inconsistency between the Chinese and English language
 the Chinese
version of this Agreement shall prevail. This Agreement shall have three counterparts
 with each party holding one original. All
counterparts shall be given the same legal effect.




 effectiveness
 interpretation
 performance
amendment
 termination and dispute resolution shall be governed by the law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China.




Agreement
 the Parties shall first resolve the dispute through friendly negotiations. In the event the Parties fail to reach an
agreement on the dispute
 either Party may submit the relevant dispute to the Southern Commission of China International Economic
and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration
 in accordance with its Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted
in Shenzhen. The arbitration award shall be final and binding on all Parties.


    
    





shall be accumulative and shall not affect any other rights and remedies stipulated at law.




Agreement
 provided that such a waiver must be provided in writing and shall require the signatures of the Parties. No waiver by
any Party in certain circumstances with respect to a breach by other Parties shall operate as a waiver by such a Party with respect
to any similar breach in other circumstances.




only
 and shall not be used to interpret
 explain or otherwise affect the meanings of the provisions of this Agreement.




 change and supplement to this Agreement
shall require the execution of a written agreement by all of the Parties.




 other
Parties shall not assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party. Entrusting Party and Party C agrees
that Party B may assign its obligations and rights under this Agreement to any third party upon a prior written notice to Entrusting
Party and Party C.




of each Party.



The Remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank


    
    






 the Parties have caused
their authorized representatives to execute this Voting Rights Proxy and Financial Supporting Agreement as of the date first above
written.






    
    
    

    
    
    



Party B:&nbsp;&nbsp;Lucky Sky Petrochemical
Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Lorain
Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. 




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    












 Cai Mingyue
 a Chinese citizen with
Chinese Identification Card No.:310110197803215455 and a holder of 100% of the entire registered capital in Lorain Food Stuff (Shenzhen)
Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;My Shareholding&rdquo;)
 hereby irrevocably authorize Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd.
(&ldquo;Designee&rdquo;) to exercise the following rights relating to My Shareholding during the term of this Power of Attorney:




on behalf of myself as my exclusive agent and attorney with respect to all matters concerning My Shareholding
 including without
limitation to: 1) attend shareholders&rsquo; meetings of Lorain Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.; 2) exercise all the shareholder&rsquo;s
rights and shareholder&rsquo;s voting rights I am entitled to under the laws of China and Articles of Association of Lorain Food
Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.
 including but not limited to the sale or transfer or pledge or disposition of My Shareholding in part
or in whole; and 3) designate and appoint on behalf of myself the legal representative (chairperson)
 the director
 the supervisor
the chief executive officer and other senior management members of Lorain Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.




powers granted hereunder
 the Designee shall have the power and authority under this Power of Attorney to execute the Transfer
Contracts stipulated in Share Disposal Agreement
 to which I am required to be a party
 on behalf of myself
 and to effect the
terms of the Equity Pledge Agreement and Equity Option Agreement
 both dated the date hereof
 to which I am a party.


    
    





conducted by the Designee shall be deemed as my own actions
 and all the documents related to My Shareholding executed by the Designee
shall be deemed to be executed by me. I hereby acknowledge and ratify those actions and/or documents by the Designee.




(Xianning) Co.
 Ltd. issues an instruction to me to change the Designee
 this Power of Attorney is coupled with an interest and
shall be irrevocable and continuously valid from the date of execution of this Power of Attorney
 so long as I am a shareholder
of Lorain Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.




I hereby waive all the rights associated with My Shareholding
 which have been authorized to the Designee through this Power of
Attorney
 and shall not exercise such rights by myself.




and English; in case there is any conflict between the Chinese version and the English version
 the Chinese version shall prevail.



    
    
    

    
    
    



 2019

















     








    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    

Lorain Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    

Taishan Muren Agriculture Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    

Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    














     





PURSUANT TO SECTION 302


 Bin Zhou
 certify that:


Green Holdings Corp.


 this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant
and have:


or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating
to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared;


reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&rsquo;s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&rsquo;s auditors
and the audit committee of the Registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&rsquo;s
ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
 that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.



Date: May 13
 2020
    
    

    
    
Bin Zhou


    
    
    

    
    
    














     





PURSUANT TO SECTION 302


 Lili Hu
 certify that:


Green Holdings Corp.


 this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant
and have:


or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating
to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared;


reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&rsquo;s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&rsquo;s auditors
and the audit committee of the Registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&rsquo;s
ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
 that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.



Date: May 13
 2020
    
    

    
    
Lili Hu

Chief Financial Officer

    
    
    














     





18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the date indicated below
 hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his
knowledge:


13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.



Date: May 13
 2020
    
    

    
    
Bin Zhou


    
    
    

    
    
    



906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.













     





18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2019 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the date indicated below
 hereby
certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to her
knowledge:


13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.



Date: May 13
 2020
    
    

    
    
Lili Hu

Chief Financial Officer

    
    
    



906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.











begin 644 image_001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***_-K]F

M^XJ*^2?^&6O$O_1WO[6W_A6_;T_[(S^/U]N*/\ AEKQ+_T=[^UM_P%;\)O
M_G
T?UO_ 

MHC:QJ3E FGZ6-2^$=J=0OF
D86TM/.G8N@$9W+GI?^&6O$O_ $=[^UM_X5OP
MF_\ G
T?UO\ \ /O^[_@GUM17R3_ 




ML%W8MK5S=7MJMY8SW-LUS-ET;;R883^OZT#^OZU/M*BBB@ HHHH **** B

M*_(_0/V
/BKX;L-



M?5OB#-\0-2^
VMZ;IOQ(\+^+F\/?#WQAIGA#1_&'A'1OVA/AOXV\-VGPXUP?
M'&UN-)\0^%OA/H?BG1=6T*T\'?O2_$6HW-Y9^)=9\57DV@:E)^AO[4'Q'\1
M??X'^


-0MI[VSM)K31)8[V[M;-IYX_F[QG^TCXU^ 1\5^$&\5^%_VE-9\


-'\9^+/$.O:?XU\#_%#









M
M[::*?A7;W-Y9ZM\





B4^)?%$D&H'4K277KMX##:


P_:H_[_ '[
G_T2E'_#1_Q_PC
/VJ/^_W[
G_ -$I7U511\OQ8?=^

M[2

\+O'(CHS*?-8]6\(Q:1HV@1?\$S_ (K1Z%X=U:XU







P_:H_[_?LR
M?_1*5]54477;\6'W?C_F?*O_  T?\0O^C


M-_J 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%?*K?MR_L=*\L?_#2_P &'

T]O(T/CW09XQ-;2O!


MW6C^OZT#^NO^1]5UX+\7O@K=_%76M U!?%L/AVQT7PWXNT.:TC\-0ZK?WMSX
MDET&\L;Y-4GU:U2UMM'U/PWIMW+I;Z?=P:O;JUGFM_-BG@X[_AN;]CO_HY7
MX._^%OHWIG_GX_STZTQ_VY?V/BCB+]I;X-+*581F3QMH[(),$(75;M&90VR





M\J?\-S?L=_\ 1ROP=_\ WT;T!_Y^/0BC_AN;]COI_PTI\'?_WT;UQ_S\^M
M']?UH']=?\CZKHKY4_X;F_8[_PCE?@[TS_R.^C=,9_Y^/2C_AN;]COI_P -
M*?!WT_Y'?1O4#_GY]31_7]:!_77_ /JNBOE3_AN;]CO_HY3X._^%OHWO_T\

T+4QHNM7GA#7=/UR'2-7:QM-333=2

:M#-&[ 'I5%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7RC^PPJ?\


$_9/8G
M]U?^^1_A1L3^ZO\ WR/\*_+*S_;G^
MU\1H/A5'\*_!DOB;PSJTGAWQIJC:_




M4O?A#X5$NF66E7?BRZA\9Z!#:^+=.U_Q]\2_!%IXB^'%XWBR\MHX?#]K\/%\


?$/@VRL[^QM+FP\!:=X/T+P\;W3[/7O&&N^'=/M;O2!=W

M1T42OI\]IK[0:$?U_7]:OTO^-OU_K\#]=]B?W5_[Y'^%&Q/[J_]\C_OA7X


WBOQ!JVH3:K=V5S;:EX6LVO?L




M!=6MS



MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KY2_88&/V//V;^
?\ %I/'&/
ZG=3(P!]FFTM3)<2
MFVMS+=Q1P74AAC
+IJ6\6G+=726ZSW L([2TCLA*[BU2UMT@\M88PO
MS1_PRYXJ_PCP?VM?_E^#7_ 


ML+B_R?MLUK)%)=?\MVDII\


++;10R/#% X:*.)WC
M5 C$&KJ?A[0-:M+NPUG0]'U:QO[./3[ZRU/3+*_M+VPBE

MQ
L=M
CPI*3(J!B37S#_ 


M6O\ X4OP:_\ G(4:=_P_X(?UN?2M]X3\*ZG9QZ=J7AGP_J&GPMI[PV-]HVG7








M */!_:U_\*7X-?\ SD*-.[_'_
#ZETG2M-T'2M
T/1K*VTS1]&T^RTK2M-LX
MEAM-/TW3K:.SL;*UA0!(K:TM88H((E 6.*-448 KY/\ @/C_ (:6_;EXP?\

DNW9YH)0@R(C;B'8*2: /RQ\1?


M'Y4HBO;:*YC$D6^3RI DJAX_


L?QB*I=Z/KVEZCI=]!D/:ZA97
+A98VJ/Q%^RE^S+

Z5$5^+[9O-9


O1XFL]4NO#6J0Z







(OA+H7COQMJGA
M^#PO?_$?]H3QI+X2E\W2-(MO$&W3OB5X!L=4L;JWMM O[CP]=Z5%?#VC:%%



M-WNAQ:1:^

_

M=]HNKZEJ










]*Q_P#@G_JVLZW^Q_\ !2_\0:YKGB35!HWB

 _$4?[+]OXVLH?<7P^O--UO2/$L_BKQ--JVL_\ 7VC

V


_BNUU/Q!X9\2




M*V\








T6ZM(]=N_P!HGQ5^R9X.\8WW@WQ6TV@6

2&+QI\2=-?PGJL_AJTTO3O#?C;[AT37_P!JCPY=^([[
M0OV0?@YI=SXMUQO$OB)K3]JO4DCU37GTS3='FU6: _L^&WBO+G3](TZ&[EMX

M'4-+U&WDM+ZRF:#]GR*80W-M+)!*(Y$9HW9=P!H_K^OZ];A_7_#'OWP1\6ZS




?
M[.ZQQ111JJ1QHJHB*JJH4 5+_P +)_;)_PC5OA+_P)5WW_ -#S0!]:45\E



M])4444@BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


);'3[Z]

76I-9V%TVC6VS=K^WM)8R76D7_A^WC/BO3-/



M&_$+3_9?[0TIG17/BI8Q<'2DUR%9#&8UUXTJZ
36UG=VE_5:T^+IAPNO_#A


 O/[*CC\WR?^%CK(;;^W!+


MXR$_\)?X'6+SF81_\*\UUG$'VO672/S?^%F*IE%C/X?MVF\H(UUIFKW@@6+6
M[.RT&(:7\4\#=XW\[MJ@E?AKKBJ7$.A*[!6^*+D(T]MXED5Y9(=8T6 R._

MFPA9=7TNY


FW%PKF$?#^Z$AMAJ6G

M^RF
*GPG]KQW6J_9_
(^
MS7




M8/G UHW/
NG6H





MF;H1FU

([B_\





9








MX*JIN-6G\H?\4@6*/4K2U!9C)Y&B:83(;B35)]27R [JBN$7P=K( !^)'C


MC^@5W#6!N!/@P_



MTFT

^!IV8L?'/CS!=FVC6-/51
MNFUN;8-NC@[%&M)H))\G1=$4DM:W#W;?^$$ER?'/CXX*G_ )#5D =O]A=0


H&!^PZEJL&[-V)(F!Z#17FY^'!


.?$(Z

)01(MW9:1=JPN-)L)(#7^G_P  #T&BN&'@'3A



U?_A7
M&E&#R#X@^()7[

-4BM-6#C4;



\WC/1?'(NO
M!D9\/NN@W
&K:':0V[PB18[%YX6C=I Z^M? OX

7&E7&GV.K3:=+-);RF90#G?^%.?MF?]'I^&/\ Q%GPI[_]5(^GY'UX/^%.



MB73O$ESX;U#3K#P;K1TO_P #\P/MG_A3G[9G_1Z?AC_Q%GPIZG_JH_IC\03W
MP#_A3G[9G_1Z?AC_ 




MG/VS/^CT_#'_ (BSX4]O^JC_ %_3TY4?!S]LS//[:?AC'?'[+/A0'OW_ .%C


M



MA=\




O OAF]@UE-?.O:SK'
MC/4_ -]X2CBO4U.-O/U&V;PD;&ZK&]J+,E=F3[_ +P_K^OZ_0]@_P%._ME



M  IW]LK_ */1\-?^(M^$_P#YXM'_  IW]LK_ */1\-?^(M^$_P#YXM?-%CXY



O%7CBS^
_P^D^(5EIVO:CXB\ _!9?B/XBU;XE:!\!/@_I7PZ\-O
MX!ET?QKIG@WPSXNU.+Q;=^.FTVRLM
TOX@Z;)X*OO&'A..62]NC[_O ^W/\
MA3O[97_1Z/AK_P 1;\)__/%KR7XZ6G[9GP-^%7BSXLK^UAX/\6KX(CTC5IO#

']'?5_I7XT^*O''C[

MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


MP3ZLK\\OVB_VK3\
M*^*'C3Q+\//#/CWX

=I-[%
M_P -A_#+_H2/VD__ !%+]HW_ .=E7B\/Q-_9W'Q(U_XD7_P^_:1UF\UK4H/$



M\GAJY3]E+]IWS-*EM=?U?Q7;-;;OAV4W1^(/$&KZJIF#XN-1G#?N\1(6?2_Z
M_P##V7YA]WWK_/\ 39=]2R_[?G@T:;_;ND^ ?B9XPAU+P^WBVU\-:)X=\-:9
MK?A?P_H'PUM?B3XXE\2ZKKGCZWT6^OM$TR6XLX;32&5[[7H%T'3/[52:'69)



M9]OZ^=GY?B'];K:_JNNGZ'WAX\^-?Q(\1^//AA\
?@#'X!LM;\?_  ?\4?'6
M;Q7\6-+\2:IH

-.\?VQTJ\^'N













7T'_PV'\
O^A(


^+7P^(GPV\?#C]H[5O&/B^ST/2= TR;]F+X_:1#=
M7LWBG0G'VC5=7^'EAI.FVL44<L]W?ZC?6EG9VT,UQ<31Q1,U&O9_<_\ (/N_
M _2ZBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

%7+%



MKFY:SM8H9;FXOKZZU.[GNIPOGW


4W:?X8TJX%G8_:+1A=VM[K6NFZL[E!::CX






MB.WT?Q=H.JV]M%XB\':Y;SVUS);)?-=6/]JZ#J66K6D;WNDM=V,EQ:P?[&

M=-O+K39-1NSI\UJ)W!](H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **


?#!^*.F0?V/906GQ8\+W7P\O[GPU'::A'IZVWC+5

\DLKO))([
\DC
M[L6))M4?U_6P'Y\_#']D+QW\/_C!X.^*^G^-M!\


MIFGZE:V=]J.CV.H7]K8ZA;/#J=C:7


D

MFH6TFUTWV][;QW




=/NK&9='T:RO/LD5W')%?Q_?U8-KX5\+V






^#G_0








M 

;?X?ZEXAEU+X?ZQIV@^
]#\6

5[X?\ B'X9\+ZRT&I:'J5EJ5E?6]E/87$$VV.Y
M



M) $XX.T
0



MV8*]S A






MAL-

M
 2.1Q1I_7]=!_=Y[GQ5IO\ P4-_9/O9Y;*\^(NHZ+J$
CI]FU/P#\1%M[E#

MB@/N_$^1?^&[_P!E+_HJ\?\ X1?Q$_\ F2KW+X6_%[X;?&OPU/XO^%OBW3O&

BRQ2;3'(
MC-Z17R#^R4Q:]_:K)))_X:^^*JY/)PGA_P !(HYYPJJJCT50!\H% ?UU_4^O
MJ*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KY!_8WS_PC/QXX(_XR^_:CP#Z?\+;
MU\YXXPWWN




7BB?P59:AJU]-I/B^'3-1TF7P_I2Z'+9#7[N]E\.











WY_\




O@K^W8



T?6_VL?@]X$D





1_7Y_P!?

MR/\ AM3X(CC)_9O_ &C/3)_XN)^S=P._J?3C\OJJ@ HHHH ^0_V#O^34_A?_









%_
M7_#WU_KJ?.7PE^/_ .T-J'[0GP+^'WQ


C5OAQ;^(E^#=I\/_#?


MU]?U\@?LD?\ ']^U;_V=_P#%7_U'O - 'U_1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

M66H3Z3#8_;C%=:]XSL=

M+6K?%7P'I_PE\ QWGPR\'Z/X6^&'B'XDZ[XSL+3Q^EZCH'B'P3\0/A[?SVW
MA^\7WWB31(X=*;2YYM!;3+7Z#_:$^!VJ_&&_P!



A6
MEU]OKB_N));BYEE?Y'O?@#\8/!OAKXDZ#\._BG8ZSX0\43_ !7\1:%\+M8\


MM6TBUBTZX^J_!/AF#P5X














_\^]?7E?(?[!__

YO[B?


MBKXUTR_\3:++JVAZA!?^']3T?0+Y3B598#3_ #^;5_Z[C.1UWXM_L2Z[8VOA





SR%-[DL2:W
MU7:JKDG:H7+'+' QECW)QDGN:6@ KY _9(_X_OVK?^SO_BK_ .H]X!KZ_KY



+_#FT\0?&GQ7X#U:P\/\



M'_B2'P[]

+X#_ -W(




M11_PLO\ ;_Z-5^&/_B4DG_SB***+/\ F?W1_P @^;_KY!_PLO\ ;_Z-5^&
*WMC<QV\<]R8FF8HH2\[_)?

begin 644 fin_01.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_P  1 !N G # 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** DR/4?F*X7Q]\3_ (=?O2[;7/B5XW\

M.FW&J7$
UQ!I\5]J

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

+-$_:Z\%_WQ=C1PO<7%A'J^D6]]H=_;3F6.



MQDO=O=-V:1_1R  
   # ';CI7C/Q5^ OPV^


M.&O:7XP\
Z_\%;#7I8=0TG2K_2_@5^V9\47ALYD4W4%[I&D_M$^/-.L!) PB
MAO-0TZW$\N#9RK

'

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ )P



M\./OBX^(&F_ WXM_!3Q;H8O-'TNV^(_P 6_P#A.QJ^G:M9JE]J%O8:!\5/
MB)X?




EII.K_P!DZ78_;)M-OK^6
M*W




M&HJ=E.M3J3:FE.G55/EE)P2]]3TM*%DU/E:_3#_@AQI^L6_P-^
5Q?Z7+#IE
FW7]M96OBO3[:[N]+L
M]1F@2QU*2*VFWV






MDNFZA'I

M_P#A)HKC4-
U2YN(8;

M'Q=X

M6T&?[6WB#[

M+B7\'/C3_P 'OQ[\!?'7_@H5\)_A5_P37O/CIX3_P":TVIZW^T'\3?#/[4
MGAO2]/M_AY%=R1:3K^E:+/\ J_GN/%

M[N/#;B[ /ZBJ*^&?^;7[9Z_\%?V

MG[8?_!Q+!^RC_P %2?#?_!

%$
M/V2_%7[:GQ/_ &=X/V0O@397.OW/@?Q3XU^
&B^+[7Q=X/\  O\ ;5M\1O'N

MI6GIE0)-9\
/AWQ):V.LV^BZZ=/?4_

0_L\M







8B%E!'\9L7_  <O?LLA

ME=C$4T[XB0PR/(K
 LUH\(#

VI8
MJ%.

/*JXX[





.RGA@^PV?QK^#T/A
MZ&6Y\Z19Y7\0-J$H:
16 @\RX^Q^SGKTD*Q/^S;\-9D$C^T?\ @FXE^0P!
M8D+=?MA7#
S9*@2









=E:^'

_@C^PW^SS^S+X;T.:[^&7A







M&\7PV9DA-[;Z7KMG;Q:UIJ7%K)J_AV[UC1TN[-K\74(!Z+^Q#\ _A7^S#^R/


?AQ\3O!_B/P

7MYX9E2
M1?Y&?V1/^HO[?'_  1_\ ^&_P!BC_@K1^PU^TS\4_!?P8TZU\?!C]M#]ES

M1-=L[O5=4[;]I?\ X+L_M6?MQ^!_%G[
W_!'S_@G?^V?XA^*?Q3T'5O \O[2

EVMYX=UWQ5XL\&6^@:N

MTK0?#OA_3[?2=$T;3+2
.VT_2]-M+:RL[= $AMX(XU&%%;]?DYX^+?[9_[
M!7_!++4?BQ^W?H=E^UM^TS^SG\






_[/JNC:I;07^FW
ML<UI=1)-$X !_+5\+_@3_P %/\ @J[_ 

]EH5^FIWLNL

M:MS+;ZKJ(N?[%*_D._:U_8W_ &]/^3O_!2?XH_\%5?^:OP;O/VKOV=OVJ%
M-Y^VY^QUX:F-OX^77Y+UM5UGQS\/]/MK6]U#59KW6Y;WQEHNJZ!IGB#7?#GB


:I'^DO[-7_  42U#]HC]M_]KO]
MC.X_92^/_P *K7]E46)M_CQX]T
6?PN^+'VK4K734_X1.]%K$D']KQW1U[P@



_A;





5


M-K'A_P .^

EFLTB%:
M_*_Q?+\:OVD/V8O@?X%^%OACX[GX]?#K]LW]F_6/%'QK_:F_X)ZZ]\%]+U/2







MQ+HWQC\'V/P6^!NE:MK^D_%KQKH$_P 0X] \67FCZOX:^V^'-36ST.\T.]&C
M[9UN T1BIJ%GR:+VLIM.

/I52
MI>TWJ

M


/!W[:/[+OBKPC\+-(TO7_B;XK\._'/X;ZSX9^'NBZYJ\6@:)J?C
M;7]/\17&D^%[+6-;FBTK2I];O+)-0OV-M:&:565?RF_;*^%/QGB\$?MTZEX(


MW1AC(8&5:I5Y;*4
%'%U9UXI4Y2AA*L8VJ.4*974J*BE^]G?%1E[/15)X9U5

MM_P]^S?\2? 7PCA^ /[3GQ_\?_$'P3XN^(FFZ#^SG\._#OCJ?2//@C7/WA




M\1/V=?B+H'B?P+X1U;X1?M



MY)8UNKJ(NN?RY^-?['.M? /P)H/QA\&:E^TE^V/\6-#_ &E/V8?BK\7_ !+X
M[U_PCXR^.GB_X1_!#Q/K8A\


(?L]IH<:3:I<Z#

M=&^QQO=C4H;I[
VR-


M_#/Q3TS]GS2_@SJM_P)_P!C+XU:#\.M*\:0^!IO#\O]H?$2^T!/MMH']K#





]H-*\5S

3AX*LV[3J5:%
MGB8O#\T'#$0=-U*,*E594YSG3P\G%1E5IT)R34_?=;#4JTW25E*$*5:I.A+V
M]I*5*:J*G4G2A+)^*O[7?PA^#OQ[^ /[.?C3Q+_ 

M#PCX9DT#3I+O3?\ A8WB'[9!%X.7QYJ


MBO\ 9D\





/ FB?&_XZ_B#]F?Q1J^LWUU;M9?C3-.U:.S^-5MX=\10KJ?








&

_8Q^(?
MBCQW\
+C5M
UWX

M.TT2QN]7O#J5];_8]

_#GPG\9



M\;
T9M=
O8)?DW0O@3^T#J'P&T+]BK]J3X'^&_'^A_#C]M#X$Z]9?\*G\$_$

MK=VT%Y8S6VLJ$%B



M'?&WQQH?PR^#7[97[







:4G&[DHNI&4I4W-Q@IRIN-I?NZ4K2A*=.'/&*****R- HHHH **

^
M;J?B7P;K.E:8HSD!AJ%S:NORGYU4\XQ7^-+J^G:GH]_?:3JUA/I^L:/=SZ9J

M_.O\N'_@X-_8UE_9 _X*-?$W4M.TJ\'PW_:.NIOCYX'O!:FRL5?Q9JEPWQ\
M*V]POF17$OAWQF;Z94AP;?3-;T3SX4\Q6?*JI

Z/YBL%_TD?V:?B_H_QV^!GPT^*.CW\5^OB?PMIDNJM&1OM?


MQ/+\+?B/K


ME.%1NUE'[?%T'GG#N%EAVJF-R=S4Z




K JZ$JP(*D@@U_E%?\%O?


MX7G_ 

N&_\

6^
?_  5F_PC%O@5_P)*:3_ /(]'^OF6?\ 0CXY_P#$$XF_



N&_\

6^
?_  5F_PC%O@5_P)*:3_ /(]'^OF6?\ 0CXY_P#$$XF_
M^4!_JSB_^AEPW_XDN4?_ P_5.BORL_X7G_P5F_Z,6^!7_B2FD__ /1_P +

M 

?_!6;





M _U9Q?\ T

M?_!6;_HQ;X%?^)*:3_\ (]'^OF6?]/CG_Q!.)O_ )0'^K.+_PAEPW_ .)+
ME'_RP_5.BORL_P%Y_\ !6;_ *,6^!7_ (DII/\ \CT?\+S_ .LW_1BWP*_



6^!7_B2FD__(]'^OF6


M  5F_PC%O@5_P)*:3_ /(]'^OF6?\ 0CXY_P#$$XF_^4!_JSB_^AEPW_XD
MN4?_ P_5.BORL_X7G_P5F_Z,6^!7_B2FD__ /1_P +S_X*S?\ 1BWP*_\


%9O^C%O@5_XDII


_9[JWOHI6;S=RR




KS*M@:D:V%G[.M%)5(R]^%:*V4HOW6D



H.@ZTK6EM/YD44VF!2*^@?\ @HS_ 
'+OP*^!'P;_L']



P.(I
M4LSPTY0H8ZE/WG.B[.A5J0:ER\Z2C/FER+9.%XOIRW
--0TCPWJ=C<6.J^%O!TD_AC1=3T^Z.^:PU:.QN/MOB&QD=%$
MUAK=UJ%A.JQ,]MN537SC:V=Q=RP:?:6<EW+<R06]K96L<L\TUQYJQP6T0[I
MIBTA2.&&&(@$[57BO=RR69_4:-/-)X=XR$%&O/#3YDXQNE4JOEI0A-J#=5P]


\C;8XXN4+;2BXY
MK^QG_@AU_P $R;_Q;XFT2'QCI

-^

OQYX[^(_A59/#:ZK\6_$;R


MCC1%2-%5%4*H%3T45]HDDDDDDDDDE9)))))+HDDEV22V2/D0HHHI@%%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

MX$FBZ_:ZSH4BS7!_LY)IC./T$HI-)JS2:[
:;6J;3[H_SZ_VNO\ @TO_ &G?


M;NWWX+






+OV9_B'\,_#,Y*YU_1UU?Q#%;
\0D

M_:OQ:^



**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /__9
end








begin 644 fin_02.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!




M?\]+_P (\#_\Q'R'_P 
W?%S_H]G]I#_ 
$/[.?_ 
XZC_AF[XN?]'L_M(?^

9\A_\
W?%S_H]G]I#_P0_LY_

;Z

BXU#6M::QTNW5XHVNO/GBB?.TK

MW2?6=/T'5]1N]/B


M'5Z)%^TG\(YO#/@[QA%X@OIO#GCKPY%XRT+48/WCX$/@N983'XQ\26D/AY




W?%S_H]G]I#_P0_LY_

W?%S_H]G]I#_
M 
$/[.?_ 


^_P#GZ']H8O\ Y^4O

M+UM2UK3?MVF:-J




MT2:]MY;+5-
U.%Y-

M




M9= 3Q2^MZO)_8]A9^'GTY=7.KZE+JHLSI=G!IC?;;R34DM&L85E:]6 Q2!3_



W?%S_ */9_:0_\$/[.?\ \XZO5_'_ 
?OA;\
KZ'3O%WB(V5W


MY
)M-\3:3I&H6YNM
UC3]8THS6R)K&DR7%_IC7

M_P 
W?%S_H]G]I#_ 
$/[.?_ 












M:0_\$/[.?_SCJ/\ AF[XN?\ 1[/[2'_@A_9S_P#G'5] ^%/B3X.\8Z)X0U_2
M=72WLO']O-=^K;7K74/^M^)+2REU*6;3_  UXGL]'\1%ETV;5&MY=+CN

M 


W?%S_H]G]I#_ 
$/[.?_ 
XZN^N/VE_A9:PAIKOQ2+V.

MTGLKBX60[:C?M0_V.[BM+B/Q[8K=Z?K^JZ3J.I?_XC6&B:_IOA_4M+TF6]


M?VD/_!#^SG_\XZOH;P-X_P##OQ#TZ]U/PX^H^5INHR:1J5GK.BZQX=UC3-3B

K5VU'^K63_ //G%_\
MAXS[_P?H?VAB_\ GY2_\(\#_P#,1\A_\,W?%S_H]G]I#_P0_LY__..H_P&

W?%S_H]G]I#_ 
$/[.?_
M 
XZOKRBC_5K)_\ GSB__#QGW_S]#^T
7_S\I?\ A'@?_F(^0_\ AF[XN?\
M1[/[2'_@A_9S_P#G'4?\
W?%S_H]G]I#_P $/[.?_P XZOKRBC_5K)_^?.+_
M /#QGW_S]#^T


_0_M#%_P#/RE_X





M.JZ#J=[J&G7VEW^H1^


MZ--I]'1_V*M'\//X1N-)^*OQ#FO]


?&^J7%GX(T[1-
E/BJ]M!9I:6MC%  1?#S]GKX*:-K_PU

UCX::=I^!I--U&PU+6X+'PC


MXE^










_BV\^



M:/%8Z#)IUEH.C6


M^L:E9^)_%7@S4I/#%EJ&K:=HD'BOP-J=Q'X@UJXTGQ+;Z/'HMO%XKDL_-O!?


O;JZUPU/1Y+C0XK.T]NE_9+TB
MV\57GCOPW\0_&OA?Q=;^--(\1^#9=*O)8_/@?PUH?@)_AWI_P /M*^&Z7D/


M(=#T+Q3:6
?O_A']F'X




M:U^*?X1^$=5U6ZLM=\;I\0+/PSJ6IWMY]FUKP[I.O6]C ;'4=)D;4]&M!IMY

^

Z/)H7[)?BC58)[_ ,+^ O%.E:KHEI<Z?X \0:!X
MLO-$+:7XRU.*#R[-9/


?'_BOXU:UX[\4^$? 7@?XB:D\OP^
MU.SOKGPM\5CK_@/X-WMCI7A;PW!;W'G_ &KQ_9+X8T:PU#Q7=^(_%=UJ6O6&


M-&^(OBE;OPIKOQ0UFRBN]
\.7=M=P^
;9-/^'.C:A'+IY:XTGX$Z5!:Z7\/+

?#^D:_P#%?6'U;Q+JOBG5+RWU#P#I


\.65O8R^#(ETWXE1Z

M^^
_AWXK)HZ6FB2:?9Z'H^G2SZI\*K=I;%KG_A!_%/CZ\U/XFZT'E;5&\4:C















M7VJBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings per share &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Comprehensive income &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income taxes &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retirement benefits &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Research and development &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and handling&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue recognition &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The Company adopted ASC 606 Revenue Recognition,&#13;and recognizes revenue when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects&#13;the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 35.45pt; text-align: left&gt;The Company derives its revenues&#13;from the sale of fresh foods, spices, convenience foods and tea products. The Company applies the following five steps in order&#13;to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfils its obligations under each of its agreements:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 35.45pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;identify the contract&#13;    with a customer;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;identify the performance&#13;    obligations in the contract;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;determine the transaction&#13;    price;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;allocate the transaction&#13;    price to performance obligations in the contract; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;recognize revenue&#13;    as the performance obligation is satisfied.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Statutory reserves &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets&#13;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The Company annually reviews its long-lived assets&#13;for impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable.&#13;Impairment may be the result of becoming obsolete from a change in the industry, introduction of new technologies, or if the Company&#13;has inadequate working capital to utilize the long-lived assets to generate the adequate profits. Impairment is present if the&#13;carrying amount of an asset is less than its expected future undiscounted cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Goodwill &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Construction in progress and prepayments for&#13;equipment &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Intangible assets are carried&#13;at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is provided over their useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated&#13;useful lives of the intangible assets are as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Plant and equipment &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated&#13;depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The Company typically&#13;applies a salvage value of 0% to 10%. The estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Buildings &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 35%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;20-40 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Landscaping, plant and tree &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;30 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Machinery and equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1-10 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Motor vehicles &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5-10 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Office equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5-20 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advances and prepayments to suppliers &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Trade receivables &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Investment securities &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The Company classifies securities it holds for investment&#13;purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them&#13;in the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified as available-for-sale.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Trading and available-for-sale securities are recorded&#13;at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains&#13;and losses, net of the related tax effect, on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a&#13;separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale&#13;securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale&#13;security below cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment&#13;is charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is established.&#13;To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary, the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the&#13;investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs&#13;evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment, the severity and duration&#13;of the impairment, changes in value subsequent to year end, and forecasted performance of the investee.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of estimates &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Consultation and Service Agreement&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Method of accounting&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;4,512,606&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1,116,941&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;980,196&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;31,066&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;53,376&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;150,412&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Biological assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;317,720&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2,078,012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6,014,310&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3,226,018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; font-style: normal; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;: Accumulated&#13;    depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1,041,610&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1,854,500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;U.S. federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;21.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;21.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Higher (lower) rates in PRC, net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding Basic&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;6,897,710&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2,978,233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foreign currency translation &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The accompanying financial statements are presented&#13;in United States dollars. The functional currency of the Company is the Renminbi (RMB). The Company's assets and liabilities&#13;are translated into United States dollars from RMB at year-end exchange rates, and its revenues and expenses are translated at&#13;the average exchange rate during the period. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital&#13;transactions occurred.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Period/year end RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;6.9762&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;6.8764&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Period/annual average RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6.8967&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6.5137&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Place of&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Registered&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold&gt;Name of company&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;incorporation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;interest %&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 57%; text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Planet Green Holdings Corporation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: center&gt;British Virgin Islands&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;10,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Lucky Sky Holdings Corporations (HK) Limited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,277&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14,242,782&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Taishan Muren Agriculture Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;VIE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,913,049&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Trade Receivables&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;The Company extends credit terms of 15 to 60 days to the majority&#13;        of its domestic customers, which include third-party distributors, supermarkets and wholesalers.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1,615,245&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;6,528,072&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; font-style: normal; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;: Allowance&#13;    for doubtful accounts&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(499,034&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1,116,211&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;6,528,072&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(804,937&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Reclassified to discontinued operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;804,937&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Additions to allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(499,034&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1,615,245&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;6,528,072&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; font-style: normal; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;: Allowance&#13;    for doubtful accounts&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(499,034&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1,116,211&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;6,528,072&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(804,937&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Reclassified to discontinued operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;804,937&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Additions to allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(499,034&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Financial instruments &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The Company's financial instruments, including&#13;cash and equivalents, accounts and other receivables, accounts and other payables, accrued liabilities and short-term debt, have&#13;carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements&#13;and Disclosures
 requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825, Financial&#13;Instruments
 defines fair value, and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement&#13;that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets&#13;for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values&#13;because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current&#13;market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 1 - inputs to the valuation methodology used quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 2 - inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 3 - inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Plant and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property, plant, and equipment consisted of the following as of December 31, 2019 and 2018:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;4,512,606&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1,116,941&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;980,196&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;31,066&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;53,376&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;150,412&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Biological assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;317,720&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2,078,012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6,014,310&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3,226,018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; font-style: normal; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;: Accumulated&#13;    depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1,041,610&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(1,854,500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;4,972,700&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;1,371,518&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;18.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Subsequent Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Place of&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Registered&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold&gt;Name of company&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;incorporation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;interest %&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Beijing Green Foodstuff Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;VIE&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1,540,666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Luotian Green Foodstuff Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;VIE&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3,797,774&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Short-term Bank Loans&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-style: italic&gt;Loan from China Construction Bank, Taishan Branch&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the years ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share numerator:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Loss from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(5,836,652&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(313,465&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Income/(loss) from discontinued operations available to (attributable to) common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;20,903,129&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Income available to (attributable to) common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,947,196&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;20,589,664&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share denominator:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Original Shares:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5,497,765&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,530,980&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-style: italic; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Additions from Actual Events -Issuance of Common Stock&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1,399,945&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3,964,942&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;6,897,710&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2,978,233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Loss per share from continuing operations - Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.85&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Income/(loss) per share from discontinued operations - Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7.02&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Income per share - Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.43&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6.91&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;For the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold&gt;Results of Operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;Sales&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;2,072,253&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1,305,382&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Gross profit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;475,177&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;632,640&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(24,232,157&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Loss before Taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(24,097,926&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;))&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(48,583&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Net loss&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(24,049,343&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the years ended December 31&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold&gt;Other Income (Expenses)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Other income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Write-off of accounts receivable and other current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(1,266,022&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Write-off of inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(6,338,588&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Impairment of property and equipment and land use rights&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(9,877,127&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(6,750,420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(24,232,157&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As of December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold&gt;Financial Position&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Current Assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Non-Current Assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Total Assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;8,607,813&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Total Long-Term Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;8,607,813&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Net Assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(8,607,813&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventories consisted of the following as of December 31, 2019 and 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;640,990&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Inventory of supplies&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12,489&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Work in progress&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,071,363&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;221,706&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;17.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Risks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;A. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Credit risk&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The Company's deposits are made with banks located in the PRC. They do not carry federal deposit insurance and may be subject to loss of the banks become insolvent.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Since the Company's inception, the age of account receivables has been less than one year indicating that the Company is subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;B. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Interest risk&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The company is subject to interest rate risk when short term loans become due and require refinancing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;C. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Economic and political risks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The Company's operations are conducted in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company's business, financial condition, and results of operations may be influenced by changes in the political, economic, and legal environments in the PRC.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The Company's operations in the PRC are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company's results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC, and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion, remittances abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;640,990&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Inventory of supplies&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12,489&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Work in progress&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,071,363&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;221,706&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Land use rights&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;750,224&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Software licenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,552&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Trademark&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;895,187&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,647,963&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; font-style: normal; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;: Accumulated&#13;    amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(114,036&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-02,&#13;Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive&#13;Income. The amendments in this Update affect any entity that is required to apply the provisions of Topic 220, Income Statement&#13;&amp;#8211; Reporting Comprehensive Income, and has items of other comprehensive income for which the related tax effects are presented&#13;in other comprehensive income as required by GAAP. The amendments in this Update are effective for all entities for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments in this Update&#13;is permitted, including adoption in any interim period, (1) for public business entities for reporting periods for which financial&#13;statements have not yet been issued and (2) for all other entities for reporting periods for which financial statements have not&#13;yet been made available for issuance. The amendments in this Update should be applied either in the period of adoption or retrospectively&#13;to each period (or periods) in which the effect of the change in the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate in the Tax Cuts and&#13;Jobs Act is recognized. The Company does not believe the adoption of this ASU would have a material effect on the Company's&#13;consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Loss attributed to PRC continuing operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(15,675,586&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(492,419&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Income attributed to BVI&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;423,338&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Loss attributed to U.S. operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(80,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Loss before tax&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(15,675,586&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(149,081&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;PRC Statutory Tax at 25% Rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;(3,918,897&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(123,105&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Non-deductible GAAP expenses in the PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Lease&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 18%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Date Commenced&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 18%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Date of expiration&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Lease #1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;March 1, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;February 28, 2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Lease #2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;January 1,&#13;    2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;February 28, 2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Lease #3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;January 1,&#13;    2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;February 28, 2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Lease #4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;January 1,&#13;    2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;February 28, 2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Lease #5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June 1, 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;b&gt;Twelve months ended December 31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating lease amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 88%; text-align: left&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;25,046&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;26,852&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2022&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;28,927&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2023&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;30,928&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2024&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;33,206&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;258,123&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Total lease payment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;403,082&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: interest&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(4,593&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Present value of lease liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;398,489&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0pt; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Discontinued Operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-indent: 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: left&gt;As of December 31, 2019, the&#13;Company has reclassified the results of operations and the financial position of Luotian Lorain and Shandong Greenpia as discontinued&#13;operations. Selected details regarding those discontinued operations are provided below.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;For the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold&gt;Results of Operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;Sales&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;2,072,253&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1,305,382&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Gross profit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;475,177&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;632,640&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(24,232,157&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Loss before Taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(24,097,926&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;))&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(48,583&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Net loss&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; font-weight: bold; text-align: right&gt;(24,049,343&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the years ended December 31&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold&gt;Other Income (Expenses)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Other income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Write-off of accounts receivable and other current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(1,266,022&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Write-off of inventory&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(6,338,588&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Impairment of property and equipment and land use rights&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(9,877,127&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(6,750,420&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;(24,232,157&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;As of December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold&gt;Financial Position&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Current Assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Non-Current Assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Total Assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;8,607,813&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Total Long-Term Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: left&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;8,607,813&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Net Assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(8,607,813&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0pt; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Land use rights&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;750,224&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Software licenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,552&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Trademark&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;895,187&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,647,963&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: normal; font-style: normal; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;: Accumulated&#13;    amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(114,036&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;1,533,927&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in&gt;Land use rights: the land use rights of a parcel of industrial land&#13;of 31,585 square meters was obtained on April 15, 2019 with a consideration of $750,224, located at Xianning City, Huibei Province,&#13;China with the land use right until June 12, 2068.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in&gt;Trademark: a tea brand trademark was obtained on March&#13;28, 2014 with a consideration of $895,187, registered with the China National Intellectual Property Administration, registration&#13;number is 16964992A.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was $13,319 and $0, respectively. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0pt; width: 100%&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; text-align: left&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;Bank Loans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Short-term bank loans consisted of the following&#13;as of December 31, 2019 and 2018:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid&gt;Short-term Bank Loans&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-style: italic&gt;Loan from China Construction Bank, Taishan Branch&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.125in; width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#9679; Interest rate at 3.915% per annum; due 12/12/2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;136,044&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;136,044&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Related Parties Transaction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2019 and 2018,&#13;the outstanding balance due to related parties is $2,027,729 and $78,656, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2019 and&#13;2018, the outstanding balance of $2,003,390 and $Nil due to Mr. Bin Zhou, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company,&#13;respectively, is advances for working capital of the Company which are due on March 30, 2020, non-interest bearing, and unsecured,&#13;unless further disclosed.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2019 and 2018,&#13;the outstanding balance of $16,885 and $Nil due to Mr. Yong Jun Huang, an executive of a subsidiary, respectively, is advances&#13;for working capital of the Company, non-interest bearing, and unsecured, unless further disclosed.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2019 and 2018,&#13;the outstanding balance of $7,454 and $Nil due to Mr. Ming Yue Cai, an executive of a subsidiary, respectively, is advances for&#13;working capital of the Company, non-interest bearing, and unsecured, unless further disclosed.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; margin: 0pt 0&gt;On May 9, 2019, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary&#13;        Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co., Ltd. (Subsidiary) entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Xianning&#13;        Bozhuang Tea Products Co., Ltd. (Target) and each of the shareholders of Target (collectively, Sellers).&#13;        Such transaction closed on May 14, 2019. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, the Subsidiary acquired all outstanding equity&#13;        interests of Target, a company that produces tea products and sells such products in China. Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement,&#13;        the Company issued an aggregate of 1,080,000 shares of common stock of the Company to the Sellers in exchange for the transfer&#13;        of all of the equity interest of the Target to the Subsidiary.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;All of the Company's continuing operations are located in the PRC. The corporate income tax rate in the PRC is 25%. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The following tables provide the reconciliation of the differences between the statutory and effective tax expenses following as of December 31, 2019 and 2018: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Loss attributed to PRC continuing operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(15,675,586&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(492,419&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Income attributed to BVI&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;423,338&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Loss attributed to U.S. operations&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(80,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Loss before tax&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(15,675,586&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(149,081&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;PRC Statutory Tax at 25% Rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;(3,918,897&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(123,105&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Non-deductible GAAP expenses in the PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;3,918,897&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;287,489&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;164,384&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-decoration: underline; font-style: italic&gt;Per Share Effect of Tax Exemption&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding Basic&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;6,897,710&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2,978,233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Per share effect&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The difference between the U.S. federal statutory&#13;income tax rate and the Company's effective tax rate was as follows as of December 31, 2019 and 2018:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;U.S. federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;21.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;21.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Higher (lower) rates in PRC, net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Non-recognized deferred tax benefits in the PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-25.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-25.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;The Company's effective tax rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Deferred tax assets&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Bad debt allowances must be approved by the Chinese tax authority&#13;prior to being deducted as an expense item on the tax return. Therefore, deferred tax assets are not likely realized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings/(Loss) Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Components of basic and diluted earnings per share were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the years ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share numerator:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Loss from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(5,836,652&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;(313,465&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Income/(loss) from discontinued operations available to (attributable to) common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;20,903,129&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Income available to (attributable to) common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,947,196&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;20,589,664&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share denominator:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Original Shares:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5,497,765&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,530,980&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-style: italic; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Additions from Actual Events -Issuance of Common Stock&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1,399,945&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;3,964,942&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;6,897,710&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2,978,233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Loss per share from continuing operations - Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.85&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.11&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Income/(loss) per share from discontinued operations - Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7.02&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Income per share - Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.43&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6.91&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Lease Commitments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2016, Taishan Muren entered&#13;        into one operating lease agreement leasing one plot of land where biological assets are grown, one building, and farming facilities.&#13;        During the year ended December 31, 2017, Taishan Muren entered into two operating lease agreements leasing three additional plots&#13;        of land where biological assets are grown and two buildings. During the year ended December 31, 2018, Taishan Muren entered into&#13;        two operating lease agreements leasing two buildings.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The leases entered and expires as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 62%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Lease&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 18%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Date Commenced&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 18%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Date of expiration&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Lease #1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;March 1, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;February 28, 2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Lease #2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;January 1,&#13;    2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;February 28, 2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Lease #3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;January 1,&#13;    2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;February 28, 2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Lease #4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;January 1,&#13;    2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;February 28, 2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Lease #5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;June 1, 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;February 28, 2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Effective January 1, 2019, the Company adopted ASU&#13;2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), and elected the package of practical expedients that does not require us to reassess:&#13;(1) whether any expired or existing contracts are, or contain, leases, (2) lease classification for any expired or existing leases&#13;and (3) initial direct costs for any expired or existing leases. The Company adopted the practical expedient that allows lessees&#13;to treat the lease and non-lease components of a lease as a single lease component. The impact of the adoption on January 1, 2019&#13;increased the right-of-uses and lease liabilities by approximately $421,382.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Upon adoption of ASU 2016-02, the Company recognized&#13;lease labilities of approximately $421,382, with corresponding Right-of-use (ROU) assets of the same amount based&#13;on the present value of the future minimum rental payments of the new lease, using an effective interest rate of 5.0025%, which&#13;is determined using an incremental borrowing rate.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The weighted average&#13;remaining lease term of its existing leases is 13.7 years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company's lease agreements&#13;do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;For the year ended December 31,&#13;2019 and 2018, rent expenses amounted to $ 44,892 and $46,194, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The thirteen-year&#13;maturity of the Company's lease obligations is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;b&gt;Twelve months ended December 31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating lease amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 88%; text-align: left&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;25,046&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;26,852&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2022&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;28,927&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2023&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;30,928&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;2024&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;33,206&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;258,123&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Total lease payment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;403,082&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: interest&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(4,593&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Present value of lease liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;398,489&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentrations &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customers Concentrations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The following table sets forth information&#13;as to each customer that accounted for 10% or more of the Company's revenues as of December 31, 2019 and 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the year ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customers&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount $&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount $&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;210,716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;831,309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;283,822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,583,678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,270,799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,108,286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;207,273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;625,444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;F&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;277,302&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: 0in; text-indent: 0in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Suppliers Concentrations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The following table sets forth information&#13;as to each supplier that accounted for 10% or more of the Company's purchase as of December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the period ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Suppliers&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;September 30, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount $&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount $&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;155,238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34,902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;196,899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;79,878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the year ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Customers&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount $&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount $&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;210,716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;831,309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;283,822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,583,678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,270,799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,108,286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;207,273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;625,444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;F&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;277,302&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=14 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the period ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Suppliers&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;September 30, 2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount $&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount $&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;155,238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34,902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;196,899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;79,878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 88%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total consideration at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,784,292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;Fair Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 88%&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;4,486,561&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Other current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,058,018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Plant and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3,925,197&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other noncurrent assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1,672,556&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Total asset&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12,142,332&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(6,503,174&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Net asset acquired&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;5,639,158&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 8pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 48px; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Business Combination &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in&gt;On May 14, 2019, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary Shanghai&#13;Xunyang Internet Technology Co., Ltd. entered into a series of VIE agreements with Xianning Bozhuang and its equity holders to&#13;obtain control and become the primary beneficiary of Xianning Bozhuang. The Company consolidated Xianning Bozhuang's accounts&#13;as its VIE. Pursuant to the VIE agreements, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,080,000 shares of common stock of the Company&#13;to the equity holders of Xianning Bozhuang in exchange for the transfer of all of the equity interest of Xianning Bozhuang to the&#13;Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co., Ltd. The significant terms of these VIE agreements are summarized in Note 2 -&#13;Summary of Significant Accounting Policies above.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 6pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in&gt;The Company's acquisition of Xianning Bozhuang was accounted&#13;for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805. The Company has allocated the purchase price of Xianning Bozhuang based&#13;upon the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the acquisition date. Other current assets and&#13;current liabilities were valued using the cost approach. Management of the Company is responsible for determining the fair value&#13;of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, plant and equipment, and intangible assets identified as of the acquisition date and considered&#13;a number of factors including valuations from independent appraisers. Acquisition-related costs incurred for the acquisitions are&#13;not material and have been expensed as incurred in general and administrative expense.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in&gt;The following table summarizes the fair value&#13;of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, which represents the net purchase price allocation&#13;at the date of the acquisition of BoZhuang:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 88%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total consideration at fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,784,292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;Fair Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 88%&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;4,486,561&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Other current assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,058,018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Plant and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3,925,197&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Other noncurrent assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1,672,556&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Total asset&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12,142,332&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(6,503,174&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;Net asset acquired&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;5,639,158&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 4pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: top&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Method of accounting&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;Management has prepared the accompanying financial statements&#13;        and these notes in accordance to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). The Company&#13;        maintains its general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of the Company, and its subsidiaries, which are listed below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Place of&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Registered&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold&gt;Name of company&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;incorporation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;interest %&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 57%; text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Planet Green Holdings Corporation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: center&gt;British Virgin Islands&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;10,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Lucky Sky Holdings Corporations (HK) Limited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,277&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14,242,782&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Taishan Muren Agriculture Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;VIE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,913,049&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Lorain Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;VIE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;80,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;VIE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6,277,922&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Management has eliminated all significant inter-company&#13;balances and transactions in preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Ownership interests of subsidiaries&#13;that the Company does not wholly-own are accounted for as non-controlling interests.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;On May 18, 2018, the Company incorporated Planet&#13;Green Holdings Corporation, a limited company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. On September 27, 2018, the Company acquired&#13;Lucky Sky HK and Shanghai Xunyang, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise incorporated in Shanghai, China. The formation and acquisition&#13;of these companies was to implement the Company's restructuring plans.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;On August 12, 2019, through Lucky Sky HK, the Company&#13;established Lucky Sky Petrochemical, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise incorporated in Xianning City, Hubei Province, China.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;On December 20, 2019, we sold 100% of equity interest&#13;in Shanghai Xunyang&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;Consolidation of Variable Interest Entity &amp;#9;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;VIEs are entities that lack sufficient equity to&#13;finance their activities without additional financial support from other parties or whose equity holders lack adequate decision-making&#13;ability. Any VIE with which the Company is involved must be evaluated to determine the primary beneficiary of the risks and rewards&#13;of the VIE. Management makes ongoing reassessments of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;On September 27, 2018, through Shanghai Xunyang&#13;Internet Technology Co. Ltd., the Company entered into exclusive arrangements with Beijing Lorain Co., Ltd., Luotian Lorain Co.,&#13;Ltd., Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co., Ltd., Taishan Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd., and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. and&#13;its shareholders that give the Company the ability to substantially influence Shenzhen Lorain's daily operations and financial&#13;affairs and appoint its senior executives. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of these companies and it consolidates&#13;its accounts as a VIE.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in&gt;On May 9, 2019, the Company entered into a&amp;#160;Share&#13;Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)&amp;#160;with Bin Zhou, Wuyuan Zuo, Gongwei Lu (collectively Sellers)&#13;and Xianning BoZhuang Tea Products Co., Ltd. (BoZhuang), a company incorporated in China engaging in the sale of&#13;tea products. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Planet Green Holdings Corporation shall issue an aggregate of 1,080,000 shares&#13;of Planet Green Holdings Corporation's common stock to the BoZhuang Shareholders, in exchange for BoZhuang Shareholders'&#13;agreement to enter into, and their agreement to cause BoZhuang to enter into, certain VIE Agreements (the BoZhuang VIE&#13;Agreements) with Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co., Ltd. WFOE, through which Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology&#13;Co., Ltd. WFOE shall have the right to control, manage and operate BoZhuang in return for a service fee approximately equal to&#13;100% of BoZhuang's net income (Acquisition). On May 14, 2019, Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co., Ltd.&#13;WFOE, the Company's subsidiary, entered into a series of VIE Agreements with BoZhuang and the BoZhuang Shareholders. The&#13;VIE Agreements&amp;#160;are designed to provide Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co., Ltd WFOE with the power, rights and obligations&#13;equivalent in all material respects to those it would possess as the sole equity holder of BoZhuang, including absolute rights&#13;to control the management, operations, assets, property and revenue of BoZhuang. The Acquisition closed on May 14, 2019. Starting&#13;on May 14, 2019, the Company's business activities added the production line of green tea and black tea and sales of tea&#13;products, of which business activities are carried out in Xianning City, Huibei Province, PRC. The Company is considered the primary&#13;beneficiary of these operating companies and it consolidates their accounts as VIEs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;On May 14, 2019, through Shanghai Xunyang, the Company&#13;entered into a series of VIE agreements with Xianning Bozhuang and its equity holders to obtain control and become the primary&#13;beneficiary of Xianning Bozhuang. The Company consolidated Xianning Bozhuang's accounts as its VIE.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;On December 20, 2019, through Lucky Sky Petrochemical,&#13;the Company entered into exclusive VIE agreements with Taishan Muren,Xianning Bozhuang and Shenzhen Lorain and their shareholders&#13;that give the Company the ability to substantially influence those companies' daily operations and financial affairs and appoint&#13;their senior executives. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of these operating companies and it consolidates their&#13;accounts as VIEs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Consultation and Service Agreement&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;Pursuant to the Consultation and Service Agreement,&#13;WFOE has the exclusive right to provide consultation and services to the operating entities in China in the area of business management,&#13;human resource, technology and intellectual property rights. WFOE exclusively owns any intellectual property rights arising from&#13;the performance of this Consultation and Service Agreement. The amount of service fees and payment term can be amended by the WFOE&#13;and operating companies' consultation and the implementation. The term of the Consultation and Service Agreement is 20 years.&#13;WFOE may terminate this agreement at any time by giving 30 day's prior written notice.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Business Cooperation Agreement&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;Pursuant to the Business Cooperation Agreement, WFOE&#13;has the exclusive right to provide complete technical support, business support and related consulting services, including but&#13;not limited to technical services, business consultations, equipment or property leasing, marketing consultancy, system integration,&#13;product research and development, and system maintenance. WFOE exclusively owns any intellectual property rights arising from the&#13;performance of this Business Cooperation Agreement. The rate of service fees may be adjusted based on the services rendered by&#13;WFOE in that month and the operational needs of the operating entities. The Business Cooperation Agreement shall maintain effective&#13;unless it was terminated or was compelled to terminate under applicable PRC laws and regulations. WFOE may terminate this Business&#13;Cooperation Agreement at any time by giving 30 day's prior written notice.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Equity Pledge Agreements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreements among WFOE,&#13;operating entities and each of operating entities' shareholder, shareholders of the operating entities pledge all of their&#13;equity interests in the operating entities to WFOE to guarantee their performance of relevant obligations and indebtedness under&#13;the Technical Consultation and Service Agreement and other control agreements. In addition, shareholders of the operating entities&#13;are in the process of registering the equity pledge with the competent local authority.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Equity Option Agreements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;Pursuant to the Equity Option Agreements, WFOE has the&#13;exclusive right to require each shareholder of the operating companies to fulfill and complete all approval and registration procedures&#13;required under PRC laws for WFOE to purchase, or designate one or more persons to purchase, each shareholder's equity interests&#13;in the operating companies, once or at multiple times at any time in part or in whole at WFOE's sole and absolute discretion.&#13;The purchase price shall be the lowest price allowed by PRC laws. The Equity Option Agreements shall remain effective until all&#13;the equity interest owned by each operating entities shareholder has been legally transferred to WFOE or its designee(s).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Voting Rights Proxy Agreements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;Pursuant to the Voting Rights Proxy Agreements, each&#13;shareholder irrevocably appointed WFOE or WFOE's designee to exercise all his or her rights as the shareholders of the operating&#13;entities under the Articles of Association of each operating entity, including but not limited to the power to exercise all shareholder's&#13;voting rights with respect to all matters to be discussed and voted in the shareholders' meeting. The term of each Voting&#13;Rights Proxy Agreement is 20 years. WOFE has the right to extend each Voting Proxy Agreement by giving written notification.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;As of December 31,&#13;2019, the following entities were de-consolidated from the structure as a result of the sale agreement executed on December 11,&#13;2019:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Place of&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Registered&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold&gt;Name of company&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;incorporation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;interest %&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Beijing Green Foodstuff Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;VIE&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1,540,666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Luotian Green Foodstuff Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;VIE&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3,797,774&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;VIE&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,303,063&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in&gt;As a result of sale agreement, the accumulated deficit&#13;of Luotian Green Foodstuff Co., Ltd. and Shangdong Greenpia Foodstuff Co., Ltd. with total amount of $18,622,782 are written off.&#13;In addition, the Company also recognized a long-term investment loss with total amount of $9,838,934. The net effect is a gain&#13;on disposal of VIEs with the total amount of $8,783,848.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Discontinued operations &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;See financial note 16.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of estimates &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The preparation of the financial statements requires&#13;management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent&#13;assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting&#13;periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however, actual&#13;results could differ materially from those estimates.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments&#13;purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Investment securities &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The Company classifies securities it holds for investment&#13;purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them&#13;in the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified as available-for-sale.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Trading and available-for-sale securities are recorded&#13;at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains&#13;and losses, net of the related tax effect, on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a&#13;separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale&#13;securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale&#13;security below cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment&#13;is charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is established.&#13;To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary, the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the&#13;investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs&#13;evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment, the severity and duration&#13;of the impairment, changes in value subsequent to year end, and forecasted performance of the investee.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted&#13;over the life of the related available-for-sale security as an adjustment to yield using the effective-interest method. Dividend&#13;and interest income are recognized when earned.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Trade receivables &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Trade receivables are recognized and carried at&#13;the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection&#13;of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Inventories consist of raw materials and finished&#13;goods which are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials, direct labor, inbound&#13;shipping costs, and allocated overhead. The Company applies the weighted average cost method to its inventory.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advances and prepayments to suppliers &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The Company makes advance payment to suppliers and&#13;vendors for the procurement of raw materials. Upon physical receipt and inspection of the raw materials from suppliers the applicable&#13;amount is reclassified from advances and prepayments to suppliers to inventory.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Plant and equipment &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated&#13;depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The Company typically&#13;applies a salvage value of 0% to 10%. The estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Buildings &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 35%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;20-40 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Landscaping, plant and tree &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;30 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Machinery and equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1-10 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Motor vehicles &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5-10 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Office equipment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5-20 years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The cost and related accumulated depreciation of&#13;assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts, and any gain or loss are included in the Company's results&#13;of operations. The costs of maintenance and repairs are recognized to expenses as incurred; significant renewals and betterments&#13;are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Intangible assets are carried&#13;at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is provided over their useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated&#13;useful lives of the intangible assets are as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 89%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Land use rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Software licenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Construction in progress and prepayments for&#13;equipment &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Construction in progress and prepayments for equipment&#13;represent direct and indirect acquisition and construction costs for plants, and costs of acquisition and installation of related&#13;equipment. Amounts classified as construction in progress and prepayments for equipment are transferred to plant and equipment&#13;when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. Depreciation is not&#13;provided for assets classified in this account.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Goodwill &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price&#13;over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired in a business combination. The Company conducts an annual assessment&#13;of its goodwill for impairment. If the carrying value of its goodwill exceeds its fair value, then impairment has incurred; accordingly,&#13;a charge to the Company's results of operations will be recognized during the period. Fair value is generally determined&#13;using a discounted expected future cash flow analysis.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets&#13;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The Company annually reviews its long-lived assets&#13;for impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable.&#13;Impairment may be the result of becoming obsolete from a change in the industry, introduction of new technologies, or if the Company&#13;has inadequate working capital to utilize the long-lived assets to generate the adequate profits. Impairment is present if the&#13;carrying amount of an asset is less than its expected future undiscounted cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;If an asset is considered impaired, a loss is recognized&#13;based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed are reported&#13;at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Statutory reserves &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated&#13;from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations, which can be used to recover losses and increase capital, as approved,&#13;and are to be used to expand production or operations. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit must appropriate&#13;and reserve, on an annual basis, an amount equal to 10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches&#13;a maximum that is equal to 50% of the enterprise's PRC registered capital.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foreign currency translation &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The accompanying financial statements are presented&#13;in United States dollars. The functional currency of the Company is the Renminbi (RMB). The Company's assets and liabilities&#13;are translated into United States dollars from RMB at year-end exchange rates, and its revenues and expenses are translated at&#13;the average exchange rate during the period. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital&#13;transactions occurred.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-style: italic; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-style: italic; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-style: italic&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Period/year end RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;6.9762&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;6.8764&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Period/annual average RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6.8967&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6.5137&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies&#13;and all foreign exchange transactions must be conducted through authorized financial institutions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue recognition &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The Company adopted ASC 606 Revenue Recognition,&#13;and recognizes revenue when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects&#13;the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 35.45pt; text-align: left&gt;The Company derives its revenues&#13;from the sale of fresh foods, spices, convenience foods and tea products. The Company applies the following five steps in order&#13;to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfils its obligations under each of its agreements:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 35.45pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.25in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;identify the contract&#13;    with a customer;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;identify the performance&#13;    obligations in the contract;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;determine the transaction&#13;    price;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;allocate the transaction&#13;    price to performance obligations in the contract; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;recognize revenue&#13;    as the performance obligation is satisfied.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 70.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;All advertising costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shipping and handling&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;All outbound shipping and handling costs are expensed&#13;as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Research and development &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;All research and development costs are expensed&#13;as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Retirement benefits &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Retirement benefits in the form of mandatory government&#13;sponsored defined contribution plans are charged to the either expenses as incurred or allocated to inventory as part of overhead.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income taxes &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The Company accounts for income tax using an asset&#13;and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach,&#13;deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities&#13;for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred&#13;tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits,&#13;or that future realization is uncertain.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Comprehensive income &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The Company uses Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board (FASB) ASC Topic 220, Reporting Comprehensive Income. Comprehensive income is comprised of net&#13;income and all changes to the statements of stockholders' equity, except the changes in paid-in capital and distributions&#13;to stockholders due to investments by stockholders.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings per share &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The Company computes earnings per share (EPS)&#13;in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earnings per share. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common&#13;shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS presents the dilutive effect&#13;on a per share basis from the potential conversion of convertible securities or the exercise of options and or warrants; the dilutive&#13;effects of potentially convertible securities are calculated using the as-if method; the potentially dilutive effect of options&#13;or warrants are calculated using the treasury stock method. Securities that are potentially an anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those&#13;that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Financial instruments &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;The Company's financial instruments, including&#13;cash and equivalents, accounts and other receivables, accounts and other payables, accrued liabilities and short-term debt, have&#13;carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements&#13;and Disclosures
 requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825, Financial&#13;Instruments
 defines fair value, and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement&#13;that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets&#13;for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values&#13;because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current&#13;market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 1 - inputs to the valuation methodology used quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 2 - inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#9679; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Level 3 - inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
 and ASC 815. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-02,&#13;Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive&#13;Income. The amendments in this Update affect any entity that is required to apply the provisions of Topic 220, Income Statement&#13;&amp;#8211; Reporting Comprehensive Income, and has items of other comprehensive income for which the related tax effects are presented&#13;in other comprehensive income as required by GAAP. The amendments in this Update are effective for all entities for fiscal years&#13;beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments in this Update&#13;is permitted, including adoption in any interim period, (1) for public business entities for reporting periods for which financial&#13;statements have not yet been issued and (2) for all other entities for reporting periods for which financial statements have not&#13;yet been made available for issuance. The amendments in this Update should be applied either in the period of adoption or retrospectively&#13;to each period (or periods) in which the effect of the change in the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate in the Tax Cuts and&#13;Jobs Act is recognized. The Company does not believe the adoption of this ASU would have a material effect on the Company's&#13;consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of the Company, and its subsidiaries, which are listed below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Place of&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Registered&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold&gt;Name of company&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;incorporation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;interest %&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 57%; text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Planet Green Holdings Corporation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: center&gt;British Virgin Islands&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;10,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Lucky Sky Holdings Corporations (HK) Limited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,277&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Lucky Sky Petrochemical Technology (Xianning) Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14,242,782&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Taishan Muren Agriculture Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;VIE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,913,049&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Lorain Food Stuff (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;VIE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;80,000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Xianning Bozhuang Tea Products Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;VIE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6,277,922&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;Management has eliminated all significant inter-company&#13;balances and transactions in preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Ownership interests of subsidiaries&#13;that the Company does not wholly-own are accounted for as non-controlling interests.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;On May 18, 2018, the Company incorporated Planet&#13;Green Holdings Corporation, a limited company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. On September 27, 2018, the Company acquired&#13;Lucky Sky HK and Shanghai Xunyang, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise incorporated in Shanghai, China. The formation and acquisition&#13;of these companies was to implement the Company's restructuring plans.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;On August 12, 2019, through Lucky Sky HK, the Company&#13;established Lucky Sky Petrochemical, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise incorporated in Xianning City, Hubei Province, China.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;On December 20, 2019, we sold 100% of equity interest&#13;in Shanghai Xunyang&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;Consolidation of Variable Interest Entity &amp;#9;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;VIEs are entities that lack sufficient equity to&#13;finance their activities without additional financial support from other parties or whose equity holders lack adequate decision-making&#13;ability. Any VIE with which the Company is involved must be evaluated to determine the primary beneficiary of the risks and rewards&#13;of the VIE. Management makes ongoing reassessments of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;On September 27, 2018, through Shanghai Xunyang&#13;Internet Technology Co. Ltd., the Company entered into exclusive arrangements with Beijing Lorain Co., Ltd., Luotian Lorain Co.,&#13;Ltd., Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co., Ltd., Taishan Muren Agriculture Co. Ltd., and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. and&#13;its shareholders that give the Company the ability to substantially influence Shenzhen Lorain's daily operations and financial&#13;affairs and appoint its senior executives. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of these companies and it consolidates&#13;its accounts as a VIE.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in&gt;On May 9, 2019, the Company entered into a&amp;#160;Share&#13;Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)&amp;#160;with Bin Zhou, Wuyuan Zuo, Gongwei Lu (collectively Sellers)&#13;and Xianning BoZhuang Tea Products Co., Ltd. (BoZhuang), a company incorporated in China engaging in the sale of&#13;tea products. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Planet Green Holdings Corporation shall issue an aggregate of 1,080,000 shares&#13;of Planet Green Holdings Corporation's common stock to the BoZhuang Shareholders, in exchange for BoZhuang Shareholders'&#13;agreement to enter into, and their agreement to cause BoZhuang to enter into, certain VIE Agreements (the BoZhuang VIE&#13;Agreements) with Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co., Ltd. WFOE, through which Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology&#13;Co., Ltd. WFOE shall have the right to control, manage and operate BoZhuang in return for a service fee approximately equal to&#13;100% of BoZhuang's net income (Acquisition). On May 14, 2019, Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co., Ltd.&#13;WFOE, the Company's subsidiary, entered into a series of VIE Agreements with BoZhuang and the BoZhuang Shareholders. The&#13;VIE Agreements&amp;#160;are designed to provide Shanghai Xunyang Internet Technology Co., Ltd WFOE with the power, rights and obligations&#13;equivalent in all material respects to those it would possess as the sole equity holder of BoZhuang, including absolute rights&#13;to control the management, operations, assets, property and revenue of BoZhuang. The Acquisition closed on May 14, 2019. Starting&#13;on May 14, 2019, the Company's business activities added the production line of green tea and black tea and sales of tea&#13;products, of which business activities are carried out in Xianning City, Huibei Province, PRC. The Company is considered the primary&#13;beneficiary of these operating companies and it consolidates their accounts as VIEs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;On May 14, 2019, through Shanghai Xunyang, the Company&#13;entered into a series of VIE agreements with Xianning Bozhuang and its equity holders to obtain control and become the primary&#13;beneficiary of Xianning Bozhuang. The Company consolidated Xianning Bozhuang's accounts as its VIE.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;On December 20, 2019, through Lucky Sky Petrochemical,&#13;the Company entered into exclusive VIE agreements with Taishan Muren,Xianning Bozhuang and Shenzhen Lorain and their shareholders&#13;that give the Company the ability to substantially influence those companies' daily operations and financial affairs and appoint&#13;their senior executives. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of these operating companies and it consolidates their&#13;accounts as VIEs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Consultation and Service Agreement&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;Pursuant to the Consultation and Service Agreement,&#13;WFOE has the exclusive right to provide consultation and services to the operating entities in China in the area of business management,&#13;human resource, technology and intellectual property rights. WFOE exclusively owns any intellectual property rights arising from&#13;the performance of this Consultation and Service Agreement. The amount of service fees and payment term can be amended by the WFOE&#13;and operating companies' consultation and the implementation. The term of the Consultation and Service Agreement is 20 years.&#13;WFOE may terminate this agreement at any time by giving 30 day's prior written notice.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Business Cooperation Agreement&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;Pursuant to the Business Cooperation Agreement, WFOE&#13;has the exclusive right to provide complete technical support, business support and related consulting services, including but&#13;not limited to technical services, business consultations, equipment or property leasing, marketing consultancy, system integration,&#13;product research and development, and system maintenance. WFOE exclusively owns any intellectual property rights arising from the&#13;performance of this Business Cooperation Agreement. The rate of service fees may be adjusted based on the services rendered by&#13;WFOE in that month and the operational needs of the operating entities. The Business Cooperation Agreement shall maintain effective&#13;unless it was terminated or was compelled to terminate under applicable PRC laws and regulations. WFOE may terminate this Business&#13;Cooperation Agreement at any time by giving 30 day's prior written notice.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Equity Pledge Agreements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreements among WFOE,&#13;operating entities and each of operating entities' shareholder, shareholders of the operating entities pledge all of their&#13;equity interests in the operating entities to WFOE to guarantee their performance of relevant obligations and indebtedness under&#13;the Technical Consultation and Service Agreement and other control agreements. In addition, shareholders of the operating entities&#13;are in the process of registering the equity pledge with the competent local authority.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Equity Option Agreements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;Pursuant to the Equity Option Agreements, WFOE has the&#13;exclusive right to require each shareholder of the operating companies to fulfill and complete all approval and registration procedures&#13;required under PRC laws for WFOE to purchase, or designate one or more persons to purchase, each shareholder's equity interests&#13;in the operating companies, once or at multiple times at any time in part or in whole at WFOE's sole and absolute discretion.&#13;The purchase price shall be the lowest price allowed by PRC laws. The Equity Option Agreements shall remain effective until all&#13;the equity interest owned by each operating entities shareholder has been legally transferred to WFOE or its designee(s).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Voting Rights Proxy Agreements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 35.45pt&gt;Pursuant to the Voting Rights Proxy Agreements, each&#13;shareholder irrevocably appointed WFOE or WFOE's designee to exercise all his or her rights as the shareholders of the operating&#13;entities under the Articles of Association of each operating entity, including but not limited to the power to exercise all shareholder's&#13;voting rights with respect to all matters to be discussed and voted in the shareholders' meeting. The term of each Voting&#13;Rights Proxy Agreement is 20 years. WOFE has the right to extend each Voting Proxy Agreement by giving written notification.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;As of December 31,&#13;2019, the following entities were de-consolidated from the structure as a result of the sale agreement executed on December 11,&#13;2019:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Place of&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Registered&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold&gt;Name of company&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;incorporation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;interest %&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;capital&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Beijing Green Foodstuff Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;VIE&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;1,540,666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Luotian Green Foodstuff Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;VIE&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3,797,774&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;VIE&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,303,063&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in&gt;As a result of sale agreement, the accumulated deficit&#13;of Luotian Green Foodstuff Co., Ltd. and Shangdong Greenpia Foodstuff Co., Ltd. with total amount of $18,622,782 are written off.&#13;In addition, the Company also recognized a long-term investment loss with total amount of $9,838,934. The net effect is a gain&#13;on disposal of VIEs with the total amount of $8,783,848.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_PLAG_TradeReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainOrLossOnSaleOfStockInSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_GainLossOnAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationTaxEffectOfDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicAndDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicAndDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times





<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

and Disclosures
 requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825, Financial
Instruments

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_BusinessCombinationTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AdditionalsPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=PLAG_BiologicalAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_SubsequentEventsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=PLAG_MrBinZhouMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_SubsequentEventsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AgreementAxis=PLAG_SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_SubsequentEventsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_SubsequentEventsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_SubsequentEventsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_OperatingLeaseLiabilityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=PLAG_MrBinZhouMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_PlantAndEquipmentTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_Depreciations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_IntangibleAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_ScheduleOfLeasesEnteredAndExpiresTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=PLAG_BeijingGreenFoodstuffCoLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_EntityIncorporationPlace'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=PLAG_LuotianGreenFoodstuffCoLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_EntityIncorporationPlace'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=PLAG_ShandongGreenpiaFoodstuffCoLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_EntityIncorporationPlace'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_EquityTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AgreementAxis=PLAG_SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_EquityTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=PLAG_ShanghaiXunyangMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_EquityTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_UseRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_IncomeTaxesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=PLAG_PeoplesRepublicOfChinaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_IncomeTaxesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=PLAG_PlanetGreenHoldingsCorporationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_EntityIncorporationPlace'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=PLAG_LuckySkyHoldingsCorporationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_EntityIncorporationPlace'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=PLAG_LuckySkyPetrochemicalTechnologyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_EntityIncorporationPlace'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=PLAG_TaishanMurenAgricultureCoLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_EntityIncorporationPlace'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=PLAG_LorainFoodstuffShenzhenCoLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_EntityIncorporationPlace'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=PLAG_XianningBozhuangTeaProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_EntityIncorporationPlace'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShare'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_CustomerDepositsAndAdvancesToSuppliersPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_ConstructionInProgressPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_StatutoryReservesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PostemploymentBenefitPlansPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

and Disclosures
 requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825, Financial
Instruments

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_ConcentrationsTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueReverseStockSplit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesReverseStockSplits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_Reorganization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AllocationToNoncontrollingInterests'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_Disposition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AllocationToNoncontrollingInterests'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_Disposition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AcquiringCorporationValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=PLAG_LandscapingPlantAndTreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_LeaseCommitmentsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsExtraterritorialIncomeExclusion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasicTaxExemption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_EffectOfTaxExemptionGrantedPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAxis=PLAG_LoanFromChinaConstructionBankTaishanBranchMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowingsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_CustomersConcentrationsTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_SummaryOfCustomersConcentrations'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowingsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
[VP[;,[OG?.G
M4+)J&X&&%[LUO_YF5@$"21 (&9/6=F9 FJ
K.RLO*M
O_Q?WY

M[%].I#/Q1VX9C4?OKEY/?[T_/[R^OK$^'__/K__C\_.\?_]_IJ?1$LM\
3!&HORIGC/KV%=Z2W__[R



M)0


MA]




MQ#-YL*=

MA7'[+237M^Y(V?^1TFA.0
ZZ=P=&FP^
77*$$7B^
_W6G08M.PUVP0/J0;IX
M$T12FR12Z!

QS&\Y2!ZM7.HJ_
M*0\OSFOAE!C5CE



TDZ9LIFIL_L:FZ\


M=6H3\X/NVAA-?!7KO_!(9R'_2DZ C@/:R '[L DZ#F@3!^S%:V08P31@0;@;

MQ\:G7

MP_=C


BCXYMV\4W*;DDQP



FKHU@
Q)K9C.4_S5WK:%Z+*7E





M7-=:AEJ3U]GEW;4\[^XP_/9K

.2'G=9/
I2JEO=ZM][C=5E
M9[B\^YAV5

ML-





H9N_0_1W0]<'@HA@]Z1\2\GQH]O


M*S(DO4JY0Z^2X9(=O]:U;9(?_R3S:G
G15_NT*MS?Z06Z+
 UI/C5ISYJV.?

M8M







0S42S )=E0
M[1*IE)39B)2T/5+
.WCOZWX QB[861YQGZL=:Y67!K'(!*-1&

M\

M2PG6DB1I..I+^X.U*N. W!GN@F^RDUTK


HB)I@_Y
MW &VU[;A3


MC'5D.%5&DJ:-U 4=:H5W=\3(SUI9C[\DPX$V:!A]9C#\^SF7#7^3.\\$2^
M!KA-^-[%HZ\7R




MK3PHAVT69(U@N



&:9
MA2 P_1Y6XX]/[2/[&N#2FPKL&45K9 6*:'-^B'R56IG*I4TOE0-]Y;:84'




M@G53;056&?*HBB:IVJ :5/$37\FV'I)1?SCHI]3_Q=EIMV ?('0-(HK;\$B
M,$D]3B ))(0DI0*PN5-M!5:9]1_UA15N2)4S-UR
[ZBWLSQ=.N3ZP0S. L
M ,--\*W!S39BQE9;%LPY61GW_ )VYC!AXH&F2:/1/95Z66N%?+E[(AD,-[
M+!F]3'SLC0





M 'Z=!\9.EQ*

M*)(#6943EO.'%5!*77YH3\:E0:$661EGFKSU'%Q%Q#PX#M9R;X=5O51AL-
MAX
ERZ_(O/4!7(:6_=%035*S


M$ NL*(0;SXMTM]1GW=PBT?N#

MN6[=ZM2\ML/WMMR! TU4^LFX?





M/!

MYS)GVDB]+: H0
:DCW/LN((513EC$@JZ2SWX2QC#YA 
2Z=38!;=\XCG
:KW

;:9
&L_#Z?

IP!BD'@/'PIGM::YTW%- O=,KCS20B8
MI.-RY)2.847\B6.^3R,!HRV1( $AI\8POP9?)<M]QR8%_<^G^I
6*15AT+0
M34\-0@W&I:?+(+RA9^0
7G$\3@?V
G 0SA*STF*% $10BOB/C+OBGWYF4Y(?








M

D4.FZ:+)!+(L]7A0
(*@
W9*8.T
.BWXF%



QPR-
MGO;)DSOB UF9*1BS_/&+E2RL*=]9P%Y3W$U3/)




MX)7?  J

;HHW+?^+&*-&1$; P(AB<*:9C/96]4%E'ZY
YYM'9
M!2KPCGR+(;N9A




M%8GA0REB$X-X'@:Z
17&8I0/Y\
 K3$)/0DZ+#IKV\GQ@3?CZ09\.A9ABW'\



M!K#=PTR-59+B T] /C=25^.1N$0!49= E7I1ZFT(@,ABX)ABA^86$C#Y9T


M


:CJWS6L;-O\3IEH?R)$1P?X*M





%^6]+%P!V+JUAR4VLS-7WSCIJS&[/*5K=_J2;!9


M($

MSAMF_H:B




MCN\[4QA(-[X_N9BQB8

MKUJBA/13UBXL]*:X!#\#HS#T??%T(/(+._4$J/+7!(Q;GZQ;D6U6X=X9^R\Z

E6.@K7
ML&^])7.[JH^ A,E^N$RB'DJ1L

Y=

MA*8Y#%TWXH:0N5O:D_IR5# ?
P8&(_]1)\[+N$E*50=:HH


MK\0KHA!+
EXY&=PXA0A'S+X67E!S3T<MECJ98-^-LWB@W,?,-W,
M;7\4(X)YQ6V-4=X(BU=@#235[*G^'0G*2.$%$D3!)-Z$9)G8IN.ZRU*GKD.

M26Q9-HNWRKZ


M/O[=L8KSDIKHLRQVXB!@6P%^PG&!$D/O..@%AW*:.Y1BDML= JUKZST=&



M!30+8#?!/DA

MP[IS)F






MU446V7(2-@R2W$0/J2LH7






FRO*)IPA3^\/+)5@YC-D17.[$8X7+P.\#@_4@?(A^25X;B/+H%CT'0HGG


I=:K]<CO*'M!A_( O+7


MZN
7R=B!N$SK3




@&_\\*2[=@IEAHO+H@9
XI[WPBYA

M222


MF 68A6T-=M.]AZ.U






4/]?
S@A07;



!CRQ'*





MQ:LE]CX


UFFT-E*L[
M[V!STD!^NMF'J [/-:NM\Z#_P&RU.V(XMD$MKG&T(._L(!



^9'4 ;N\N6877EED#_754+\A@AXY!FZ-!

M %[=2)'%FJBT\G=O4:-TLZJP/Q.XZKIOMH7%


UI*9S(W9IT5*
MG-$



M_&%IHAA9^0APQ3(C'*%OGNM_^P)33H-IC&+_&-9S&4?]1PK'0=TXLBW\T7'A
M.?L2NX3:QOR#O:C@$VEQ5=P80@!PL3=F@4M.L&

M%-D
PC80AX37$H37..$W XF%ETH#:1+Z[@

MV4

!
2GFWCCMB3ZG]2(4W






T_)7H7WT^? ^#X7[N&?
MK,WD6]^^^?/PF<ZI75G$28VSV^._23\TPD[!;?'[EVW#P[+@I=ZLMJ4 ;_[



RF.P1_7']@


T _L8&*3SUKF4[M&7\LT6DN (?M5#,G(-:
MQE,T@87TV'!N%[$W&JX%+=3C8/U]2Y]U;IH+'8OQ/_KBTM]G]BGSCC_4E;G


7
ME^_B\IVUV


P.!?WCTG4TM4%W<
M@)P(;U.-_9)VD^\DK::%T;1E,\(&@C47W!US<!

NKQ.MZ[S3#WX
M)6.=ZJ!2MK3919;-WME2(N3,F\)RS$Q[PMS;1LNT3TC
O^VR2+U0Y??22[


MZ#]VH9TV 6I%





M7NRX*7'ID?@T)]O.?B]USL!9($:+LX2?XTMI[ =U0(&_:3QL*$6*;P.&?/
MA^N1AFB $$6O
A@2NZJ'(@H&AND7D_7X(GDH'J@W09+\XAIQ9Y)A9[B
4@

 SD1\S8B#J (]%_^*O+'X.
65 \
9D
M@AM2D,QSNG,%EY@\]6-6OQ$7'.1B:CD(
Y@.'-XS:(OA8T*MQ\[\-W9@5J
M




M-
P%=F$+;UUY
M!N79!Y('H)BB]O<Y\=;8=:8-WA!K\4Q\#5-&A1CM!2/)<K&%K%+
RZ&@!;G

R6BW%.O& %)LT\


MJ['V!*FO[&!-

]I&5LN9U
M54?]_+JJ[2YEO0FDC$]?= .



H[JST9!E1T0Y










Y@9R!0&:0 *AL@/3R\)82IJ N$


M7+[=$98&=:N[_OQAX5SR+N;)7\Y_4.\4(V+$9RSYF\/OKETNU- BM4YY\Z3R


MLJJV#J=_@X*&U:DOG+\F@6X_/1#]UG7
P/+H#0$E$:RW#JLHI6Z)? NG53



M/5

X
M[@O*V4@:_,1RJ\#VP!(++ /H@'^'W-_#C70H@Q[8C_?#=[J@DMU$&!]T8_F
M/N77N&AW9*N[H55DVW3WL\I6=FGT7E8BBW*#U;1B945/X5G.C(-SV_SJ^
2[


MK +CLLMB2Q@;6F9DUH5/X(+H+FR:C_0'

M0

%0' VVX




MRDA.W2S8/&4M8&YS-?

!?H(]



MJXBLU^Q@0JDW\IRVPY.B

MV0U6-:_EH2Q:F?#B)IRV;^^NI4#K$VSLKUU1EGYS.K/F#R$UIX8X'!_;-

^G)'A]#^.L3D.

D+

MU?8V%(V

M_]'J:@6S:VFT*1%^4TN


L5\HMD BOQ


MST8EM9=.FG329-]LLC9\4







ML3G$

&XBM+D*\+_)WH[1M+G?W+A1%.G?$8@WJZ


M+S



M GU%3N
*
K9\0I&5S7ZQ]L]5O-=+BC,Q\*%A]=9WH9-^59S%:I_J\0V)2_



6-18 J1


M#(%G?LM! YN\+'#8 

?5)POU*;38'JK

M@TQ=9Y00\B
NY+^%


A;((V%U+V;\2?'

M&5BM[UM6ZIN5%SW


M
R[@*@Q=+A/0J

IR&/;9!O352&%8/HT55;MR7NPVK% YZ)K5
M7A4X]K1D['(9I!6@XWIC-V.\&_&9/A.34_\W8ID?'??W=NF@E0%NDO C356E


*Z_


MWF6$5^W1

*FD*%(B\R)WXFH0
M5B3C8*3)4@6@KLC


MP8U9LY:&K





ME21%3*J!T4R%(*@:HM%D3=



MTBI;P\W9^.N J6P%YZ=14N_.K:39K(&5

5I
E_CQB




B=N!)D
MRY=:*T 6-[^H%[+EJ\$5(%
UM2!DS%.0TZ^!1=

M3=PXR(4H7C




B[SEI+* VX+:O5*VZ8(7TP6

E


LTC R2/







MGQ[?R&*_)RM:3QX
?EZWA4.YH Y_2I/-(N-0?]-?0


MV^%?$^J3/%


MSY/CF/FG[!J5J\2:;-:IJJY:N9$7ZRK+4D\5A^7PK@[FL9(Q?WO40L!=2]QE

6=M4E'0^D)<8'J=-DNF4@)EW5Y



9L(
BC&U01+#%NVVTW;;Z;+V[?0!3 9G2@VV
M8C
'4V6
4$9ZKWBQFE5WG+@-)U-X8 G











MT.5FH%5R[US:&(I]=0!78)D)G8\#O?1XIF%42$*D-*%DX^[-@;F5:H?&A)B!










M8N':@[=
+VR@G =)$^!^#HSO\_OO\PQ8(PO[U]^P\-H_X5][@ ]M!Q.F9@2=

:@07G 6D!9)_A76K'


O8FJ
M+UV#IDE='&V=


MZ=T?7.
]&_@HX08*
\?$?7_W^-:P*0]@W#W^9O!3W3)(!X ,51(R;@QOC$

T/3GTNH%(OXPN
M08[L:6MPQJ%G6+.9
6(/)T23SS@G0F 3$VS7
N
!_U$%34L?
D3K21^

:LZ* )^



M?.

M1

MD(I\-PD 3.\?JM@]

B9
SB$)UHF(UI5D2






MCG67CUO'.-@=_2NPG/;[HGTLJ-J04FW(\?P.='XQ



V.&#XTB<]WQE7AFP:BI3_W
-<7VI
.L









[0C;4
YM8/= GN&&B0@(_3@B@5D($(\0% =\&



?C _%[5C:MT2K[BAEGK-F!G\W
ZY:Y/


F860 (1<DX


J_4L
MR#.(9%:AX&U#P1VSVZZ9K25X6Z6/!J\7?=SBJU7T]ZPXMDE..9]W&T5L%\*V

XQ.*:)^F$79W*.2P5Q_9ZOQSB8MXX\+KF%\L?2=[Y@H[7T)LCQ=+N^%@
UL0[C2H]\^6[7[V$9WBLXLH?Y_'CR%\[(/[

MUAK]Q :A[-S;!V]:W5Y'#!A(O:TP)=LO5K+Y@QM:[I


M5[I]V!5X]5UH(!SMF\V].6TW-G80C_+&TN6L/Z[HHMM_]G87+;+8F=/(F+!\
M$NGK73 @$XAFQ__:0W7 \=I
'[UQ^(+S54 1EA&XM6&VV[L:&WSLM9Q\F&Q)


K;/F/B#P:)D!
([4Z






M1-%$K3?(2%U9VL07T.]T^S^23PQ.36B P\LPDM&\[=?;WQO@&X.=!*[OC\8H


:
]^&%]C./ Y-8_SPB;G
MQSCQ?/_P'C_T)JAE71KX!OQ-10V#-@P


YL






M@E0K%OZ9)F4\H#!&@] &D7^V1Y$% @K;9=

M2XN91O.K($&2+H FAL2
9\L!X_6[VFVM5J?\-3W&))E+O$M1
/-M8?VVS5:'


G%=C(
M'H''&

MV%?KVP7GX];WR!H'\


M1ZLI\ZRK#(7WV^WC;1$U5V$U545.1-;*'\$S:60@6O/$ #-O9\\KO*N=E[


M0

DFOKQF 4-98V+
MEW2S)94Q8@:]+):!Q4N;]C<!+L8YO=*P_QC1R?HL[%ZYR5Y0KT;3[[EXFBA
MO6C%8PT0.W'R2^(*QVK@GS3_BHUN[H  ZTFTKP7&9ZVA[JT5V







E*N+

Y







MP'_46^MWXB13/?N@BL2 $CQV.
7
3P$:

M?




MDR@;[-O

;V
MQ^:5\H676^]]O[2]:'L6_(1PDVCI(*9ENCWR$GD!-R:I.DL-N=C [EO_B/SE




@!3

MNS7SK2'I@*/&]D4# PG%@(QPB(0#LYG_XMLGQE1@&VK/L/H91\H1=?UU]C

M;X^!(AJ$-?;RG\N_3&3@ J^;KPW;M4

MAW/'XL
A'


=8;T@Q:#/A
M
M@GDQ[W ?









&+S;];VQ
+:)7 OOZ!B*^;U

M5VW[&







8%#SXP'W]A/;%Z5LA


MG^H2\Q3EXA(/=(OM?HF%-6K]0!IU]TO
TZAEN.[6=;U/A?(\_5=^R@NKM6:G

C#VA3EXC@D\![6 W7(*E/\R_W]NW?OWQ?H#^SUOM^^K.FK
M%UH.;FU@CQB72


1O]
M?4L[KBG++1\[V5.W'I1*8DO$VE1C
[4T%Y?TU9W2;PMW2K_'$_J[.J&[H'9'



%V]WV^PT^V:]G6^X9QV6[6:]@GWW&RDM1CM*1B5CG6]C0+;

Y16&:$W4V]I]6;?





XH6

MZ8; 75OCEZVL.=QK06*:.?1=F6T2^V(9;D30Q/=L34,/= NMCMT(C1\B&B+
MH\J/?6]J(-K]C!'D/3''LD'E![?&7?RF&Y\Y)/(07H6\GRD-))&%!U]HL+U
M0C@ P#7;XHI^8CTS4.T
51HU=M.ZU


JQ9Y8@ON0

MBX$'VK_KM5MFK]



38'
M7G:.D$2.M4\M^UZ(0M26=70D]DJ9XZ_1X4RTK8/DR3P^)G#OXFO_PWT(WSF
M$5\7&-=7/]_=/5R]3J1D$P1


M;LL_/!$[*5%.;HE K/NF(Z_$;'3+E
C?+LVT@7 _L-#WAA
V1?KT1HEK62C_
\-RC4^1#Y;0W9-O#R
G
MA!\N48[Q

MC7W9/?LH*


S9X6T/N.
/%Q)/8LO-TO23=K?'YQ65^



?0=3&PT$0-
 F4+D@([DQ.[V&2'E;UP;X=S

M2?A(&_]QK]?7$'@
7#24 _\@


MX
Z&R,UZCDT+/L-UGSWD&K3%%]36 EW'42IH5E@:2T%_\$^@A?X(1!71

MRS8:^ VSH+*0C!R((/(2D_9& D6*?1LZ48 P'I;O(Y:1AB#UEMG_Q0T301CE
M=



M'

M78RTQH5(?0FC4_CN^!-7K[FB71/O[9_O/[^+;P-^RQ=Y!+T]^1BQ;83_Q*_U
MIPE?

MQ9&&D[3(Y7-@EY%0E.

M$\])F:GZAIH:IIDU@

5K@-?X+?A7)B;S\SE

L


MGSU!MQJ%8%NS=GI7T*V&!MMZQAN?$6%:C/@EXW@B=K_2\\H2@81S9&8+1
HY
MT6P7W0&*


M\TJ)FWN@+IR*J6TGMF+/R%%!**/
HD*@FJGQ9IC-6,#)QP9TP3I-1P$E


P*-T/ WO6WR;FOP9Y7AV


A7NBQK0M5QGG\0 
&1(:BCSSFM&C9$4*H!;HHAF'0
M_OQ*]^7
9&8K]UP:
TY(/()$^#ZI&@B%?Y+Q%@9'1U$4XDL'Q;+9*H[I;_@
M,F#/R PMTBALS!$;P&$FY4!'5AF%7]454,:(O.-H]C**(?B\*WQP56)]J+\
MX4:AS^3R06L/D49:#.^;ER5]@F.H2K,2GHII-D6'J[BL!)]C$%?X[BGJL



LT]R1CA\*G4,' )&'[C?(E @.Z\YYTW$T),!%-(UY[
M,:)B2%Y@ 1]?J4UC-(&5AT+DN?@D-56]5V]9W8:!

M)1 .G 3'$/OR;7_Q,6X0 )-Q2SLMUG
%RG/)46!#FO[IL]4!;]9HM'N[ 7
M@D?2

M#X=11&RDE_7NGZ+2\.*1



ULS^OSH_Y$P7R0.
4]BN!C_S

G_]E\B$VY0(V
ME%RZ

MT!T XU?\67LVJL8!]J'Q0KD)PVY=/E'+$AA2/%_-W\
+B#D:'/QZJM?@N
SR
;M*7
M),R/*/0/K6_X<*B+.W*1NG*6B)5N8UDEEIK[R<.^;KU 5_@M2/<)N/%E9[+
MN)

A-=_*4

M&E([1%]Y&Q?\1JE9[N=PJ%Q+G2NI7E/


:CQ1O
0L*D256Q$SUA1; U1(






OP


E[/M9;#S!'S*W&B3V;\5:0(!3#



[=:E
Z'
MY\9!%_JB56B3\1C$1^!

MB('LB#X9L)FUGU#L!'0$U\:B+UC:
VB&
S1E'(1W
C6C'/L0437?4#A!VN/Z
M:0SG



BR/Y*0E]!SQQ^50L
M

V6L






3.9EP9JX-'3 3K[
MK==JYCCX]2P;LAU$:K94C5DTI7'M/37 15:JMJL%OC R=(%1XJ
A/?PK4B
M9#+^

M=GB7SJWQ/F8O'







M= V^
A:7'3[</1MB X#*AIA4*$Y8V' :N=+
<S

M6'SQG
+T

MR07FI'^_

MQFKBMR:AM.OO=3OY$):G!9&JBZN
10OCH*#0;I/6W1[N$3:CW^D6^E*1EQU[
M


MHF'DS5 H[A[OC4ZM8UQ)EGR)67(5QWQ4_%4Y;K*MF@\4E
E)\ I894WL2*V
MC9R@BFYH,@T_! GUILRGD;=:P(8B*3X;8[]VH/P_&2#F\8(7)@+H(A)%DU[$
MF%-;.Q(\TX2P30L4'7:\SB%W/'-RF-*^NA0 /ZGZ4W?(D^%&?@#.@I3$LA$
MTPAF?.@P:2S79KQ=G]J6L;6&63(4&.3W&

=$G2
M\84%S/*'?K #2PXQVJTZ@T!7UWU*J0PX=*2%!($$:!3_IF+L
JX@NX2+)6

[LJ@8\@EK$%W51!+


J*X'B^ &\44Q#P?)@/HYZ/ 0M?F*IL
M2U2J+YFGQ/
!6


K-?
MO9D]-!J-FHD)6GGHDCSEOWVRLAD-;76:##KE!P^B &..R3RP]S('T0A!Z
MPS]P  +S@U?4,QW.36JIF8G6L;C+;&;9HQL:,&J

$$]?UE'184U@AKL-DB)ZZOWCT\
P ?@.?0_<$L'!$XDC$S<2@4CIF:TH/5MYT
M*B*N]PENC:_L ;S/.AL_!Y_?XN-79@CO0N6%FX_I/M1/A-)[1 #[/^9





 6VHIPA.I3#*;59B:;6_8('F Q@;5)'YM]GUCS^HX^CC--358
)


M%WZG1MI/7&]K$(Y W$]JY&M@7JG)LZE)L(LH&9D\YE
 A4H7^Y&DJ(T4R:\2


M(=9 S)WP#G]MX8(9
3S.XD
D^F9Z']68N3B#2
T7I%L'ED/7+ZQ&1R5(C(1!
M/J7PT3XD2%5]@JB54+5HZHJV%WEIA



?U/91U5-?';N0QB0ME.7/LOJ#&GTQ;B6(@8X86
FA<@_&

_!K

%R\
'C/
F




M4JB0!+O9YK+M\=D..##

M]3%!0$H$/#D$1J\
R$076O)$2UOP8&[\?'?WL))UOC8ZFH



]P66:




5J2K
D EF2


M]5FRTN&'+VS\_UT-O_VG5O_/WRT7[8;_H#K_S]?/_VG6_O/(@*.HY^F75W\K
M25 @-JKW8+VMVJ+=F?7K&-0//LB7/7-XW&H[VSYO=0#,&H!NW&E-E;!715U
M)5]4.;2F&&F7!4:?Q&^,$1,QFN/;
NG[\=CYAV$$L6+%K3 FU.+_9TD6&%6

MC[GQ/^7=9@X_J7?[PV/MI3Q%1?X

N#'[KL')P6


M'R?
_1/^[R*U^06?@MYR\_V\5+\T68RWWI^3R()_?&66\2!@C2O)ORC)[Z!I










JIEM
HSK*_F)
MJ]=H(^:Y(V3LP;*?K?N\NF3M+@_F1B1!:O$E@K5U[VX:M-869.!9PY<::IS






-_D^RC:B^
Y+-P#53A=U%(&
MNZ_:2.!HSJA3C\Z91SBVHN-DYI'-)J$*X:))F:GZAB;ZUP;PV2@4HJ7P-^7D
([L<
VT+L D4QEU@9RO6)
M;0STI
[#Q%@26VRE8SZ+0;J%N
\R!6.E%

M1
HYT6P7W0&*
PB;.D'\*E:X-4*'\C(\'\D*YVG7I!:VDJ;OH=2EME=H^F

MC*F
3


-PR

HF.Y
=O45]2

+S
M)3==7BP^*D:.HQ/K([I*0.]
03PG2OVIU\-R7

M$L#U\BK+T+R2:A$4RZ*\4LEY*IGC
1H/L#%/3(]M7:@RSN
'&C @
A1]Y#&G

XTUWR=5 Z$FXV4\ E9&1P?^
M_Z?(PMD63*:Z4_H++@/VC
S0)SYS&Q-A^MF(E 
=6644?E570 %K*@9)5%$.




0UBH3@:
I?$;.'5& 1HRD6\RRYT;+

MWFEWHSE7.%GG2C1)=(&T7OVA@0O+,+ ;*3D4)Q.*8J44I<#P@E;5-!




M9=%OMG@TT%7S13#29QE/EBU@'5R

MIFQT;P43^


Q0[P@OVMN)0L]]HU_O=_7 HE^9]



M
ZGYL@61D(0-!6@ TI;RZZ\!OA
@1
K.BG/45
V
#'0WNOO!6P
@\.&OZZ7O




/







M4XAU?29CN&/O$35/Z8RG4QHAY%Y)=+Q#?0SY$YA1 '2(*AZ[(0IO1T?@^5
MVDW1J4EK1^CG
013?VD

M
J!*9K0@F$CM)K *SQNPALX)]$=#(=+%/BW5[N




7OY 1TV
.7C+I@4;PC$_FWE&;WKA;=%KD[[%KI

M*::CT

$ $3\'VG.$V'%]QH%U

P.B/Y9@@V00]O0]X$+#:
J





M%*HR[0AH

MC BEH\B%7LB
?.J*T\C:\G(UB1T+9*M/(]\P$*[+*. 0E6F
MW?^&C^Q+5V?\?_2\_(]\E&N
9XYZS.LL@/SS(T&6*U\^O:72%AS/SH_D8VF]

! 0DD

MG:8&%UO;#[)WE!:2-S=^AJR?O4
6_UU^J^P#&
YXX%#MZ3/;4WO1(X&WS%6B





M.D=.-()#U97Y







MLYS85MS


CN:KV2+VS;'5'!T&:K(5)OF(
MM?U0+L083?N




YY2*\9
08SJ<<^*&?@_#1;5HMR[/5'%2;W]L
#T




M^?9NZSUF*Q^+



(I$






$%     @ )XVM4
J[/LF_
M$@  AO$  !4   !P;&%G+3(P
3DQ
C





M
H[79\/A\_/SVP!OP#

M$7H*8O*K\?'XF/SJ^)3\;W3R
!Z=C4_.CD?_U7Q.#.(DVC[G^.7G8\+O^'B4


@%
M@8]#@ +B':MA#%YP@%>O0SIV2/!*5C()X%W&

?$2QH2/WZ):7+[]Z4C7!4B=)[J9WZSI
M

LK'S^W!S#LDW-;L(%-!?J6



+_'A
MS7P*W=)V=WJ

5-?/7
M,X3_QIM6@2R,7-C,)ZTN-)[S!.-F1)6
#+%W=)\@9X!^(686S
O&NUM4JD


-KMN7R!L=H/I51ZJ(V-

 X
0H&3R_KC#_Q-C161#?!5MS;)'27).6+)#-%
M2J4'SCNS
T5#;^O NHF7





0

M


MX5X2-=VY$KPK_ N
;^8/X$6Z*]Z

 AZEI5 4+.]+T
MWD2G (L




M SO4Y!X13$

M*'U_P 8J\5(2FEX&=$'3M(!UR&WU8S
7R?I0'FS-M.+D7EBYI%M9DNBK)'9/
MZ^(0*8!P52_EZB A


MQ&ZW ;JKY]D_75OL4C#AZ'8Z+M$MGV'G
(#2XS4A@?W+5NNN(S2;?6D[Y_Q8
MW;4F)3+NM!3J*H394;[.JLFG
[WZ:8 D7
)DEK!NU2%:B21O&@GW8&5ZI6H.
M\][VLF\A$C5\7I% BQ;YS3;WM?1M1)CTW_E'G_2[*@6MB

\J]CJU

/@:&ZK/




/&4M@X9DA6%]$5$4YC].0N*-[61D*O_.8.&
M;$Q?A#P8V[W


M0@$(W





RZF(^@^
M.K




9^^G0N&]TL00KZ<3)0L2(?9

C?[@J-?/4BR8A(=30&^!
M





!&TWEG2F^OP6TNDPC-!5-A;TF-C1;5)6RH_IVNW
,&_:6?D2?ZB0YO
IK1O$329AM0^NTV%YK)^CT :H 0&
M)S@*8$3X/P@.44!].C@&(0/A;@QA0E2B-V!E29
;$%

M?W+'H'YQ$Z/(1U
0#OP$/:$$0:4B^AR



MDL;P'KXDQR$=N50J;
:U8T5O8DQGEF1V$X(L)*+C\93]Q:CB3;YBT@LO(AKJ


MRBQ*4(E4;-7YB



M':+9RZN;.Q1M;]YW='FW'7GK::*F;#


M$?OI(]P)T(2=JV;GF.8?REMAR05%R2YMNCMOLUO)H'VYEQ_;?$XE)/Z#)U
M!Q+S+^U

J@KVH*F4Y^$0Y&26.G7) 7
M96:7!2+$QK5+^F-!;CIEPB P4)RQM#LK2+Z:\9R+_O/OK?C+:CR_P11X&4L

')&I^J[004%#^LKZ/U2




M9P3 =)?%2;LP3
CB-SQRVMG;G]^A_
CJ/YD4 9H;!::\MEA
M(C4XUE% !,[!WM:C\[!?H8,I@!9Q]J9CX:8(<B5%(![:!9$EJ'#$8X)O\P6H
M

P10D(5:A(R5KH7L8A

MNHCZ69@&_)AGS

3M.8.0R
$0YX2;Y;R$H?0M[D


M1$E^3ZF


*M#'?P[
M)?PNR!5




M9L&L;0\3%G0O2/JN#







M

M5?@JJV=6A0-[X&SO&J%)LAY'(]BA90;*




1FCZ0U=UM&?P4B2-]!F
M\;!OJ:Z.=@*AIBHB4 V'P[=PA B[JA'



_D+E?IZK2$BLSIY+6.

M;R!L85[H@ZNKW4::O-JLD+


MB$:B)1;]

E+;--^E\XUEMW))XPM654?.:2W$L
MLOM#29I8@]C:#84ZCSWI*:&Q=^GXX=W#ZBV94H6?)ELRA_V63+\E\VJW9,Z9
M;2';ZPS6:V<=S[Z!?^/X) 2$R+=F:C%Q='711!4WMVHD*JP4N*+CKBK17YN1
MG2V<)I!I@RZSF'/;.K:0=W(%9LL[7-X8BEZ54YNU<;2UD_3WH@E:K@Y4K.G


 8C
MJ)
FWX2KK5

 @382Z.#*!@


7[TV5ZB18KW\]%44XYH5V
BTJ2E =SZYPY
\K'E&WSIJ(86_
TGGL
M-]/




M)(57T&)#\BHW,=5+;W&[K@3%]J$FJR::*7&CTI/^LC2S)WMOJS?0I2J4J!
MMZ+V
O(^3][GR5]_GOPBFMMWTUIWM1FYG3]O:!?7)FR%&O6JGS5B9B?7WA2^





M
T:[*Q
ME+O3[%!X,\7<'$GOQG3I= _C5
Z=QD?@IC:Y!R]\(47O[//ZLY*0I5ZC)R_


^7HY1O]3NE]JO?ZG=
ME^9LJHF;4U=?FK




E]:!!O WZZ:IB.
MA5KM?5QLTJS[Y6BW 3]-+83!@5WX %O_9


;]/(K!=

M(VH#8QW!'=H'



T^



MK^HN


EQ'4%Y

9JLZY:/73].'=3JZZ)+!Q-6S$J76QJ&'79ZN'=MABU





$Z*-C4]CQ

MX):%)90[C0X64R\ ^D\M];*E6!#U#VP5'+3@Z#LL=:ECVVM*MHP+3'.MN+
M+1GW1



MO/5Y.5_K*%*;B[_:RAS@DEKH=?
0[('0X#(ZO,WU-Z%?JMO5=GC8AY;&
M0Y2PT@)&O&-YVMR@BK53&\P=NX#\W]$HWD51R-.L,[T-7E!I6[ &]KW( ]
M6V;4!7(
7Q7\ZWH)][ML0U^6O5AZN[+)6@5OJ2N8^
_=<JZ&:5Y:J)4A

!3](X




E;
[[U7J&Y@1A^?AV
M4^W
N\2K=00Y_(9K1=5Q4*C
:]=FY2Z(&VDD1


MF(9E;=3XU6'C/IRUM1&B:_W\F/:2?Z[?%4X@&43!)0913EDZ^IC)FB@_X[QW
MF-=6Z#UV

8\)LO


M5J:2$&SKES3U8].BMH;'=C%[YUWG)9+\GEU[HO%7F7/A+X1TJ%/&/+$WF1


MO+7X215R

C Q
M.3$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;.V]:7



V^^\_?HO;YF]

5.SC0UP_NPCTM



/K



]KE/3U&4D



2E.]?P:VU+_%B0@DB++B^9Y-



#C5 W9=K''&9V
99BN G#SARW1)


0JGJ8%*PYF
M^O$R+3 K2'

*; _T9[PFRT2S


.











MS/5[


 1IP



MS







F/@L]%JQ+BWFW=L&&-85CH]]#T4$)

@2;Z

MMF&#3@X$


M%0-(ES$V&UG$5&



C.R(B[390D)V5.4ISKI\
J)%IJ-$*5V/(G#W%


T($&M.HWR]2&/^G_/?2O(4)0QAOBA.HRQ[9F/PSU%2CH\N/76#





AF@/(

M!2VBY

4OD\JDSP88CF E)+_<U$Q6\*-
M

K;
KG_*ZPWNG JL0E;'6H!M%4L2
&I8!TM:AW.Y8[HZ+G



R


B,W#
M/TJ[H%4@++5NT,RV!6/99(&XC6+?**DZK2MHG97WN3R4DWB_L_<7<-KN?;X.
M]SS]AMGK*^K8@9




HY:$
M&')J@
H^^JJ/.?.S$CBR;XJ+HY _'Q-@^#H-MXF\
M=?:6OAU$A$8?/Y(4C8=KY^YP[FNYY3%0C)2![)/N;$
&$YI@GS(]T8/82
MOLPAM3B0

_5)O4D/=V/5=B/+?CJA48-TA\YRYJ/4@<511[36(R+@U^:&&\\W


1-(PJ75
9IFY)0D.9L'N]YNJG

M!FZ&5ATIMB\[6H*XM=)A\_\:(0]3_BI%P=#*C$].[

)[0'-V_Q$TY+

- ENHW
$-2PAL)O[QCYIA5*^C@YN;8
G@J0.JJ#0: B-,%PYN\[<O.0MI9*A*
MVG1B0(DC =1/H5XE3.I;4*'VGVA*AY[4#<$R.W?0\DJ9S?Z'+
J@1GO7)&J

M$Y1[4-VXKI

 Q90]IC[&;WXK/PQ]#PZ66A=D 6G
10F^7HGP@<OTKGS(24RB3'?MRDDSZ.:2NRN##2:[

_#:J7A
0R?[HAX!8W88 -R$^U5RM\+(0#X#)O_L4J-W6
M[,W#U5UK8[ 9@G9,LXL3N@W29M/\*587' 1*UP89'=HW+;$NWXFYELNN#FG

T/U]%;S!GGY?  R?5*A4MS@A1H?V
MH=LB0M6RLQ'$&/FI$H1)&
MBBA.GCN^

M[



M/\KJ(-ZAL#RKX$ 8(#3$@Q:O2W

MLLFM*?7Q#O9@19=8W/8+(-$8 ]

BUP7



_85[0^MQ58978?[03758';X-
M]T8OK9NBAPQ


M9


M+1QT






W%&(4



MFKR!ZJ@S+WL5\
T\[2G 9Z0

J!I6M5OC
M7PJU7EIJ'?&S$99#SXIM9@5^5-;.K()[39ZYBNA_DR@I0IZJVVE\#4*Q(]


H.CCI0VF %



M

M8 4ZJ^W0;2ND56


1T



GMJ4=[S/- L
MHU_X





MGG&4_3'K%&#:




K;-NCH09V[+FMP!V

R8HL
M^4T7R3];1^VJ''33Q\NAP9Z/DR88.GK!E7=\-AN^U\-F'CT[2
%8&#2]94O1







MQ11NV3HQL\K

M;HRNC9F5P/1LKD@5%\6$WA&Z:3-'M;K@.CJME^X=GY\)$ QU[!A]].'SUKW'


U!
M

?OCBO




MYIEE#TTO#YEI]EVSAFI03D#/HXSGON%YP.[6D;7GTHL'G7A90 ^F8!I9
#2R

7DD%
!U56./;/V407Y.5AE[**TP6%Y9IU2U_)M75S3/O^WX!8-4





[O1)YZ0(
MAH ^:-7YSS*P^<_<.S:U^PIJ1R[-94LM-'3@O. ::ATH1]E7M -SL[PEN:D

L0*%A#M[(#UM42N*.=TV
MP]OHN8I8*BC*&U

MD\?TM

M# WKNG^





M1
\T^3DUO-_DI@N&@IZ Y8/GCHB0A\&-<?) ]T8:=6:
YVC

M9Q]W!GO-+HI@..B#5MI#;O.QD4X#!AE[R0;Y?1QQ!? 1








[=7.RH&?X;!R1'IV06CUNQ$](9JB+98-F;0

@
=D$*J(Z:)&&?6UT:L?__U;=$4VA.]F_%(9^X\YZ_$&

MA*Z*^/6L=7L?D7P=I1]9'Y$N'C.R+!.^QCJE#)FF8NTJP&K5 [#TNF2EBH0N
MZBD#J;XKUEN0](+2._*U8H-3NGO[/]-U6=7 59]'HE%BE4$==%=UP9O6K4
MH33 ID

M#;Z(I?S@19&1A[(0=W6P


)Q&6U+P)W%XHB*:

NEPU&)AO<EC<Z01@4L:!3O

MRV\-+[Z203L=_ !G_J*&I7KDB;4TL=;[B.^WR*24O_M8#
2;271IH\&RO=
M;
1)$\0%']D5IQL^G=KL#=L?J\.CRT==%I25
0;F@'5VQ1#)RQGY5SA-WX!-
M6F7RXF9EC#+RN&;KDIF6D[WDEMN2C?MW=%5\B3(\NCRCKP8G17@UY =;ZKQK
M+=8ZEB+6'-ABLLDH8+@-]3?




@CKK'!4Q9
U:]%M\'[3?T06H#
UW7VI+-A;C
MH5JQ\J-_R&'8Y*EZ)$Y;X3_L8!RLK;[TQAFF-?Z!FY^QO54;2:*1_?':6.]?

(A5I?B*R^UR?6*Z%!-
(UK@A,UO6)0_@'2N,O)$G3!3M7WL!$T;7(MO#



K4NJO&7B_'K1GG)J
M[2M+1/7H_6W[YOV'C+*V4!W^:%J


MY&D^3




*W=%E!7:XX0)X*7]8/Q(JOSA]2LI!TN[


.11
MP1N3IY%!CUQHII.1%K$F(*K_.[23#R4V72=OZ=H/6
0_XS59)ECQM*-:XM?O
MPA8SSLPWT37HQ@7]D;)21D^5
+ '-;07X


THNB^B0V4D8LGN<;<[P0]%[?PQ'&4D?
M+\A7
0



M_2$C4*ZM:+RJLB!.(-] $0#[%(XXT*^G!9U_

M$D[=\.; O!% ==YKQ8.2S )Z0V-+!QF0%*T3B#WHLOTZODIS
%#9S2S8:F
M GW=!
HB+R)Q


'.99R]
E2:JP

MS6V_7DDK


MK





WV9CL_NBVHVC


+5GO6BYQ2_FKOE*3+2QW.F4#P[E?!.]N=C_AZ*1=] =C .M!WM
CR6
F)#UMA.3Y)/?Z#/<R (;;4UK1^G&$M)'\<V^8-!M5K!&/)JW:!
I3#8&

M@]&:9U04NI
KFU;0N (W%P;'B685


_ GM+JYF9\


H
?R0IV92;




'3H@@8X?!9$JB[U#X@BK2K .

K.SQ@)L

/

+!YI6+3:T3(OKU2DO[[2H8B9N2?[YM
P+NI'VNER5@DVM


Y)O:1XE'S):;B_395+R&&WE=9U;
M_(13[3;I%$





W]J]@:WI\+:



?;K=A





7FA'E=<JX$:%1B3L&K(OE[YA*D9
MLQWN8C#D=&UWQ_N

^I1P?#Z^G8U9EJ[$P^8'WV

\7LKB'TT$(!C_-Y

HP:\E8\C7JG&LBC&O0 ;(%
VGPVIVO%/
MM


MQ-HJES!KQ1WQ&OE 69BXO(LE;AT*Q#.JO+@^2EL&^SRR=/H(T)[
HX F





M7^#CBJM2Y*

%V66XCAPS559^A


&*4Z:(4=EJ.'*OQ3FK(U4+FL%M0W&67SVCR_H0E9

;_F=1'[0NXB?


M&A%8M:7%-ZZ*1I!/8)J\.;











#


9=/RB/?-T:4




M+MI&&:(9RD7RW(X7O


M'=\[P5_9HBRITC#GY7(]

MMA0C%9^3\!:VPI$X9^?.+W%6\+EI$7T5C4TD9U]6'V^; 



MWYF_(?
8#ZG(+
U:J0.SD9NA&II\^[1C\3Q3)8GGUFXRNB+*EMO[&5#1JU!)


10
6N0Z;-?UD+SD5UOO'!AGPZ:J5*
MOFMD 96^%:(ZCJ6O
7.%]*$


MBZNYN]7=YM*\*^]A $ +V0VW8JTHM-&KQLZW/#*C
25.6JH=HYXU

M

6)P70








W=]ADK6 .$)YH4&SRZ5-O
M[F &4 ^\WI3XLW*VK$PASI[J+FA*4S.W6G?E9M-E#U?KYK.)C_E&FFAR_YE
M4P!0L7XXI2JT*,[45!6Y/V[QDCZFY'?&UI@G1EB1J.5KO0$8LQ&C?[DMS\L-
MCKVV4X-\& !KYO%7BE^HOXYZGS]'0#41]!T)0T&







#$Y
3(S

VLN_W6W7_!]V
MV=U[2G[-NHYGY+*=9


^M8O










M^T9\WNBJA/;?ZO/L 9-*3=7+.00XRIN;(]IM=Q\[T+[[WGG#)-%3]KD+A_&H





M-60'X% [5'1T!^ 1:)HPZOY\A$#



ML

PVIK4-*$+

&92!%R2

:&@
MD]T)(!M9'EB_S2#LMP J_EM


MF-#G; Z8LB0$4'!0G=8!*G (S6W^&(7^540]Y4EPKQD4!H2'\P9Q7;I+Z&+!
MCS;4_R(B:=))GHF4D


MBDW8(CNO'#


3APH7.3DBDFW_[1+NZ:HJ9S%

MYO2N(G(7.M(.


MLM@F*F+2BL2_M]Z*^[44U\EZ4G=1*G 8J*E0F.#;7)VLF0-?&E7;NXM7:0N4

MSV 


QI!I9





ME)U(BC(3-S3E
7R3Z8/WHKRN

8TV23THZDBH%9



/$
FS[

3OOPIB5QG
M5+&#'NZ%K\:H;M63$KC.MF(3+8SKG6%J49EH;5:Z'IU']C ;;F+1K1;2R717




M%TDI;A

MC*I[(F[ V+[@DY=\(26&%=YP!8WKP[%>[10LR:
M/*X%2TOH^D!LBAA0$SA@JPEG

M^7#@4'ZF
=V7;FVL^KT)@-1USE
SF

X6K

5W&9


M@=58^PIA



J@GM Q$^FF^&=TROI?BX;M*B@=%:H=RY__I+6GZ
MUU'QC;=?7VR_@B3+8[MZ*2!RQ[GX!8</FL+'E7:Z$5FSZ%Z&I1$\#=GSRQ*5
M'X)@ (0-97+-_JJX_FAJBPR8/;.2(5!BOWQKCP&%PI3X 8W&?-8:OX000)K)
MAHA-LR2E)








]&YS19TB+^
M5BPK


XK&H8-P*_
MG2+(+7G@2P$NLQ6'\F6



MQ


*!W?4UO9SHP5ECOA2S.\I0= ]+4
MI*!%(XWK&WM[\[56



Z?(V&Q#T
?M:L^-$JK
]
M
N=1%3T:1X-^7J









GILOZ'SBH]=46D4'$V%QTDINQM;8&^3D!VTEU[4


MZ7TXB\
I;Y*MW_6(9$\1K_XJF85^K
YZ\Y$2=E==Z-=?Z-MATZ+%6DT\\O

%@;:
;0)GO#.5T\LA5Y


N,-.G'NE8?A6///&^L)S8 LJ@HUC[Y:=,NZL<.W ((!_;JMD-5%HL?
M?8V&D$$7C@=0


MA'RTO!,I:)R[F74XB.+PD0^UHJ%R4MBON]E?/(';J(66O, JH5B;$C??LTK
M?QEQ

MFO&HC!P!M
E'
:^ZS':M&?O7%2BYVH$%GT8LOWE1I_-H30YI.O?16H+)PW
ME[9VZ8^&Z[K\[$LC.!K#UE2UVC/P6IA#F7A4HG[5EFZIYLRZSN#'A.;+=%NM

8S
J%.A+U)YBY





AZRWIL/E\:*(6RV]0'#TW*DI7
M@Y%7D #1[BWEL#':6O%QC%7Q5'%3SGA3WGCW#K'@78X8D!R(7F\)@(W1
U(+
M#B2W+]N
DK'RST<69*+-PC7,;/!&5,A
M=,J&T3JO=F\X1YMH!/T@!,^L)GTX+U5O<]BA1O9ZL?31.3Y3C;!#9/I#8UG




[I@JERSH8_.^46+!L&X


AE)+Z+P

M1NZ\;KGYL=Y$+SB@+#URY\%/(IYP1F(NK
G




W+'
MEP##T0GI8C@/:LQEP[.7+M+7URN@J7;%M?3 397[






QG$E1-5@K.6=



LY(








O<,.]]


MMR*2[:%IEA@'&I
I.U02\.1- =B\R,^;)3RHPN:2Y.L!W[5Q56]J/?[GAA





MD_7H9#TZ68].UJ.3M?^8TM_SD*W9BI7D5Q+.YAD)QFS)]F8$XGWMUNM0W+(V
M=(?!7ZL/O5ZS?_GBS[FA\^I))J'7M9J;;?RXWQY#K^TX
VCC#(NBJ/[JS*F
MXK5F)(SJ1X7N /'X]@X2MM0


M3432F(+QAD1*9ZO/-/;7J7N8&1=-Y)AWZ!)_FIWN

;LV
'Y'?
K.

)RF%+\@W[
3.?KM?K)B_@.W<AP

$96EAO



MN3
/3CLDU
(@VWF*?#)LPB#A$Y\D4N7]]_?5_::@'I7(.UY^2RRIRJ1FCR9O
M[C1Y@P@A37=\?4PH


M/#L/XKK\K:_$


JY'ARDVU3//(7.C%_8K66WB]XX_5D\JFK[S\\[.


2S9$
0W5*U]Z@*+=Z
M'ZI;/4$^\N)@M.V@G_O:SY3G'*=L&+#M.UM*ML_0==Y?&&#*;#RB
+U6SC
M4#HFDW6=. ]Q\43IX[BSU0/[MCK/(8AX0#B!Y
%1)%'**F=4E^H01(P#-P/[

%:C&.3Q#CVUY\\)G5
DE59(ATT
M2B+7I]3V. %T@0.TR70:^@0


$T+TI%$W&[


XFE!P6W*PEQWIK34]N5Z3;<!JT91P[]8J K\
MF627+WZ4\T?3;(ZU5X=0NUZ30<;@HDRL'OW5!ELOSN%._EZN490\]S.Y]=K

CH
M<$D



1BW;KK30[0#VIZ\%JCJ%.#3A0XY9V+282\;C(R_(D
MS%87RO&GHAF

9R_!GD

M4#



H][6I2[H\/M:=
D*R' _E75/OO1;P]\PN!W


MI1[/$B*&LV0Z$N4;]ML

M^M9+)HDPQX);QCA;T!/%$1=$['0*
T'.0!4XL).8FN T;3?D]FB=ENBS
.8:
M%($$.(_OM M+2T(?
-+D%$XKZAF!I!$:!S2E26!M/GF69E[

S*DLJS[FBN7L?N=:BRF#(!;&0
M*BG=@)$2_YL9?7HKRN,F*X['#YM_<#A^*,&Q_O%OOWQLT/WZE_QWSHXB:K7M
MJ[C$+Z8M;;%GN:%I*EY3%,7FV8YNLJTV?T:FE?CV6Z*KM@_PYDR(5G[/M$[



!-)ALD@ET1WS*#E91D2MZ^^/+ER6)4W)&8C(-

\PP[].0W::%<8IK/V^@ITFDZ)
MGTVFY4]^3+R8/T61WQZ+T (I=



W7
M/'[I+R/6RTAT@R)1ZX:[C6SZ!*URILSKKB!&L?!11CEW)W!5%?]\.=\P<_&
M--'

M17Q

9#6KN4F
D\2+9T4 X@/K0I%N7]%^

$7R%M?OE DH7^&L:@

G;'
M1QF *Y


MM=*31U+*Q7V^7$9A6VRJU%!L[+] M0Q.LUIP'$T:)H
S$OOSA9=\
5Z)*I0X


J]@*DV OGSTDL


ML .R8GJM==?12VEI12EJC#5S*STK;H8FA-CU[KCC8*DN2W!]X3CP[(FOEOZ.

M'J2WA&?A$_\HEI2


0XH\GJ
MUR3
R 5]5MQ_-;5U5^.HRZ62SW\4^KU8NF%5_#)M








^@[4Y@;U!MI P\.?X?@^+2
BGO*:
M 1?/0A[_+-QJFM5









#$Y
3(S


3DQ
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q0

 'defref_PLAG_TradeReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivablesTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGrossProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationTaxEffectOfIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationDuringPhaseOutPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationDuringPhaseOutPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_DiscontinuedOperationAccountsReceivableAndOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationImpairmentOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_DiscontinuedOperationsOtherIncomeExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNetAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_DisontinuedOperationOfTotalLiabilitiesNetAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_LeaseArrangementsTypeAxis=PLAG_LeaseOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperationsCommencedDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_LeaseArrangementsTypeAxis=PLAG_LeaseTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperationsCommencedDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_LeaseArrangementsTypeAxis=PLAG_LeaseThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperationsCommencedDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_LeaseArrangementsTypeAxis=PLAG_LeaseFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperationsCommencedDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_LeaseArrangementsTypeAxis=PLAG_LeaseFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperationsCommencedDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyExchangeRateTranslation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_ForeignCurrencyEnchangeRateAverage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_TradeReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvancesOnInventoryPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_DepositsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_RightOfUseAssets1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerDepositsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseIncentivePayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseIncentivePayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesStatutoryCapitalAndSurplusBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_GainFromDisposalOfInvestmentAndSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainOrLossOnSaleOfStockInSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_WriteDownOfAssetsInDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_GainLossOnBusinessAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_BadDebtExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentForAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsAndOtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueFromOtherRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_InterestReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsTableTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_ScheduleOfDeconsolidationOfSubsidiariesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_ScheduleOfAverageExchangeRatesTableTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
For the years ended December 31<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238




0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+
R$[V!TR:2\M.&PQ6V-C-V&IK&L?&UDCZ]G.R
M-F5L#[CI9\_?0(U.DCM([Y$'S2Q70SNJY/4H<5.Q %9#T 9U*94[TN;GS
MT2G*S[B'H/11[1$JSN_!(2FC2
$$+
K-]9&W%*U[PNT+46_$@;[FLQ,?D
M^L/O*NR\L3O[CXTO@FT#O^ZB_0)02P,$%     @ )HVM4)E<G
!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M


MG2Z3:Q=F0&QZ!)T@R(A(;.Q1@&(&PKH]*/ %B+81\0.(C)\0S-D3DZF]!G
M.#U#Z9FC9Q-Z[FT11!2XP P5F 'ZW!. B 4ND*
.: 3O\H()%#F I4H(-^K
M\P:!,%QBCDK,(3_S)!!(H-0+5&(!^7ZM$4B@V3%'9?'Z]
4R@XB3@:P(B
M4.!L!!



M/;8;
#.':8:[CN2
Y2$M_ :@T-W
.\_; 9-/M!:4%D7N;UXRZ8UJH4ZN[]31

^V%Q\'



\.@-];!_XQ^DN+'$1?G



MNYOSV=4AZ;Y/ES\MKF?J\%1VJ?'?DA1Y\-K6J?]?LB4??PS)9U?GSD$WIZ_
M9?]E;'QNS$/=I76S_WNWZ;?W\S?;=)3_;+OOS;G7]/4(#N?3:W_/;VF?98/
M3O(S'IM]-_[.'E^ZOCE

 I $E
M=7$V-O7GNJ^7B[8YS]K+:)WJX:70=Y@[\W&X.?;=^%]N;9?OOBZ-6E2O0YY)

U$8B9P



CZ(PSI:5!RRS5

*K!5\_^S5






7\B ,EF1
MD]53L@H:]AI^K'GO18J<J)Z2E3DH/3!T[$65-;$PHJ#


M2D=K2[M#
CB1PXY.DA4*7_G#N%G%7'%EYFO$$JM0YB=R?GK*STESNQM5J-T%




KVG@
G]?^IVUZ R:

[



1.EMQFR0R6W,HV
MA-!Y2IY1SIB63J:ES90;3$MKIRS/LBPUWN7.UB7Q<J:;\<@JX+R9H$VT-*\F
M^220^AF I.+4U6R'XA=JH9[!RKD':QORC.E LN@<$_BU(6SW% \%FH;B;[
MK*\@_4#0=JB.8S1FW]02P
$%     @ )HVM4+MJR6&M!   B!4  !@   !X

AE\ER/T2D90MN4@#-!F&


M=JQ.[?U\WW7GN^6R?=Z'8]DNZG






M_-9V]7'L)5HYEM^NWX?3\'T9^_\(TP-P#
!; .3_&4!C 'T/L$/R5V=#JC^6

MQ3)V?AL!M1$V*

;SY%Z'UA









QX5QB


O[JTBQ
+Y6. Q





6#
D%E2C!TR

F

M$YIH DS50N/16C6R8F.R2DQ4 9?I C


MV

%+YP$5T13


MB-%6P=E- Y)E1+(;




E
MEP5DRT.R#:6D'2

M^(3^L09=]1AUQ@D!P8S*R1EW6J-'.V) PCHI1RP$I^TR)_RR@GZ98V/I)3;F
MPD@

M%I

(58B4)&U* 4P2P*PF#2 R0*8_#HS
ME(_VCR+$/Q(0EB_ /PK*/Y+W9H(DP8P Z?LM!7I'(^3%[Z%#P6A[*A[Z* 8
MV$!9(?P.)N:Y(8MT39+4#8+.E8PG,XS20!SJ 207EE+2W7GCR *RY2'9
MAE+2=DH0=DK#&TX/7=X$C(5SNR0HJRWS'4''2A3%DN)L-T8*RPS\/3^E@LF



/
M_P-02P





MNT

&





FBU0%I+2:LY:N\*#ZC8
M





LL#R


H
Q0%ACK*4.0
MO?
^T-DDR'3:VQ892*#
410XZBA'D3

M
^.5T./A?7T]?5OU!+ P04
M  FC:U0Q!2CB; !  #2 P  &    'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='



PVQG@
M500IR9+-YH8I+C0MLA@[FB+#WDFAX6B([97BYN
KG<1OOM+X?4Z0;I*D$:]+\MKN7<

MN?(KU/H'-CL2:A?






M3Y1





M








M0E/0V_WAF(7X&/ H8'2K

M@Q+
41GIXDJJP7FC9A:4HOC+M L=]W&Z2=

MMM.8388W_?R#V/*-R]]02P










MZD +?V-[

[14-'!VQ ]:
M_?[!




/OM1@*FA/[_'LIB&;C&#[
M^?^PY1.7?P!02P,$%     @ )HVM4$49E]VS 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K

3


#U^N\[H.?9UO8+

.\-V^&(9^

+^X=8


Q$[]WX0X8G3

$96Q'O4+Q#[[7D29JS:R!:8DYS#-_$O$8P9%]3\+T4)_X7G._##[L*
M#Q%^^$WA/PBR78(L$F3_+7$OYO!'$K;IJ0;;QFERI#)C'R=YXUT']H['-WD-



-K5

3G*%'9N))RL [US.*E


W8)1'/


M:&5E=#$U+GAM;'U386_;(!#]*X@?4!R2+5ED6VHZ39VT25&GM9^)?;91P;B

R0T0U]

Q22@VMDZ8E%JJ
WFZ.IUV(CP&/$@:W.)-0
W^0]?)SV[\+6

%F0T'EPW&/9SN.V6AXTTT_B
W?./\-4$L#


MM#XX6)'UHH$OX+_V9XL66U@JJ:%STG3$0IW3N_1XVH?X&/!-PNA69Q(JN1CS


2C_9

MP3X2[/];XE;

5X



M;!M $X N@$/
0^9$4?DGYEA5&#TA
_=^8.&)LR/UO:F#



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$X+GAM;'U3

FAPYO:6T\FK9AKK<@J@C2
MBO'=[I9I(3M:9-%WMD5F!J]D!V=+W*UL+].H
R8TX2^.9YDT_K@8$76BP:^

1W5.[Y/C:1_B8\ /:-;G4FHY&+
2S ^5SG=!4&@


W8-
M1'/



M%X9L1/-B6P!'7K7J;$Y;Y_H#8[9L00M[@SUT_J9&HX7SIFF8[0V(*I*T8CQ)


M&6^Q1:62&CHKL2








M*!6(4

MJ/R]\*+
$ INSL<H0X_V&(H

$%     @ )HVM4(^;1;^U 0  T@

MB\P


S%?X
+

4\;$H4E7\2

B^


504/MP
MO


$%     @ )HVM4(]M!9*U 0  T@
  !D

4C]53G=!$@H?6 0N%WA'I0*1CCU\Q)
MEY0!N#Z_L'^*M6,M%^'@WJB?LO)M3@^45%+0?D'
WZ&N9YWE
S%?X4K* P/


M3F

$%     @ )HVM4(C(=%2S 0  T@
  !D   !X


M]?F=_5.LW==R%A;N43W+RK4YO:6D@EH

5_A@LH'QZ4^!PE

X O@-N9A4Z*H_*-PHL@
CL1


M%YQOP]--A6F$I[\I_$?^_2;!/A+L_UOB5LR?*MFJIQI
$Z?)DA*'+D[RRKL
M[!V/;_(K?)KV+\(TLK/DC


'?S;3F$V&



M$FO'6L[P9U13[+R;4YO**F@%H/R#V;\G
]UY3

O WO+X


-



UGB BDLD)HZ7]++*PE
M(HR')(,D&2BPL$@ )HTQ20Y)<E 620(X]GO I(4H$!BD2!
BDE*2%(Z!1P.
M%T)IACD6D&
!MC21I@D[ 8&R@&)4K;00BT\/!XC


1P$#/L_M
MP($@3ZH1#@
/L]MET)0[N'!84# Z+EM4PCRO-0(IP$!I^?V:PV!D_J$(X#




M;M:+MS DQ(_Z])6&4E(
M5


B-#9?RY!WT*'FZA071.FR\P[#9%'%OKD+WR80%^Y
MOM6-B2[*NFX+/7%5RH)+9?7@GJYR0V\R!%RMW\9NKX?6'PRKVG&JT6FTYG\

M9
Z;IB&V
\J2)*T3Y3B3CA=9])U


E9



+&%96]=5I.*CX5R5[&
MG:NX#^/-=3K1U@ET(M9L(MQR!@H9G[''LRHP=DQMYW+#SQYD!];\K@C*V(
M=SYYZ[V7@NYW&;D$H0ES'#%T@=G




MCB?9MXX6)'UHH'OX'[T9^,MMJA44D-G)7;$0)W3^]WQM _X/@I8;2K
PF5


K





M_1:


(#P^9^!B5%C:NJ!JLTW)6\:E(]C'M
M7

MIN7*HI-V_F5C_QNM'?A4D@L_0IW_8(LAH''A^
V?S31FD^%T/_\@LGSC\@]0
M2P
$%     @ )HVM4)4NO/JW 0  T@




M970S

&8!WP$O'8[.:,0B5GK5^#
M\:TI<1(2 @&UPK


6@L;5U2/UFFYJ/A4)'N;=Z[B





M=#



; .?H+[-9R-M\BJTG )RG*MD(&VQ'?I\90'? 3\YC#9S1F%2BY:/P?C

5]
MFF^R?*'M$^AHOA$..0.5#


$96Q'O?/+6


M:.=?-O:_U=J!3R6Y\2/4^P^V&@):%XZ?_=G
8S8;3@_+#R+K-Z[^ 5!+ P04


M
RYX;6QU5.N.G 4?A7 RS*S+C;B9KL;-.T29M
MNGV-Z/'2Q;$ H[;MR^@
M8ZU+_PCG\%W.02 =I7K5#8!!;X)W.L.-
?V1$%TT()B^DSUT=J622C!C0U43


2
M)$][5L-W

6@CQ:QB2Q'L;1K;SH_C


MTWL[5].%F0(C^_DM(

^Y\S%XWPR]LEU )X\:]6[

M*]G#V1(W:BWLGQ
H

MIJ#WA^







M3E

MMC\08LH6)#

1.NLC48 7O
MX*21&:1D^L\1A!ISO






M?!7+#Q#N4NC$R#E4E6-U$BG5&U_^V !*_X@MCF2MZ]M*$IE?H'V^N9V5G;

OZF_B76[FLY

MZ]EC-!?_#2X@/#PX\3DJ+6S\HFJP3LM9Q5N1[&4:N8KC..WLTIFV3: S@2Z$
MFYB'3(FB\\_

+\
MP^5^



W@E.SA9X@:MA?U]!&7&G.[I-? JF]:'

G[-FG1)&8AK^ZK^$GO'7L[P9-1/V7EVYQ^
MI*26@S*OYKQ$\S]W%


-//+X@MS[CX U!+ P04      F
MC:U0.IUJ=:4  #8@  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S.YX;6R-


M\6=1_2[W^K0()V&PYP=VKO2+N'[A_8&R

MJ'L64TK-WKIGV;CGM7N39_TVO('V&^BPH3


D
9WAT08SS$S*)(! GHGTF$RAVDZ)V/SP3(YE
F!
M3'(G@S I%BF@2 $(


MP4$ECR25C*

[SN3

.3

M^N; !2-*'\41R5X V=LD1A&.HAPQTG9A5=K85E0E/RG:=K 5@3PQ1L2?#5 ^
MK

X_ R\M

MK[#VIC9!:X6]T\5+'3U7289+=#9$(V;C


IO_!+C&^\MOL
3+^C2%#1[X@S$T0XW&=3\U-G).HM. _01


M2!4E-%P]B Y:\^8L9
(2ZMDQ&Q^^1



M0PG8#)4(AGD^18HF21$S\=8H02K&2H1#%O@2=9HDC5L
0)2(S_U?$
G1B(

8\)&XC@OB(K3P4N)'('=A(.:Q$L&]1! S
MI1XS$=Q-9(Z=

I#.0]5=Q5!+%5ZC$_Q6U%Y]@*

$%     @
T)4U0*GZDX,T)N36DA.M0EE0]0@
M@9Y=$6<DH*$<-KU?IF[W%&6N1@UZWHX2D^-G%/YYP!
3(4?^J^)IZYIM4V0
M


M^)GOG:&F(]-/8OH
2T.Q[RW=?X4+


^_<_A%B?8
MH@1;A!^TR*23YH
D9%8D0DP0D2EYP26&27&1%!5)$8(
)\A0@NP&EQAF



EN#/?3VO&ZAHPJ+7=IF8OY]DR!UH
MR]PDZ_ N_P)02P
$%     @ )HVM4&

M^)


V?7=+=29V]9N/=3?#-$R8?,<$<T=@K3Z7
#\]-7A^[[*_4$L#!!0    ( :-K5#B
^UY

!#]


M.!3:4C SG& -G%LFD\?;0.J/
:WC^?R#_=F)-V*V3









MTK9
_=MQ(6_;&



M^A
$!2'(^9 S2L  .F OD'Z(
EM$.=@0;]-YFS3+4U2@




MVXZ;

MSIEC[D'QE]% R]-THZL?
;*?LM0J)N@&+QQ'KHU





M.UW$AB!^(


MDJ9SL\3DSCQ+V$W2IH

M7$5H5BF;%CK1L
[A4*7NHW_


MX)G@A_\E!!
A6!'0Z



MK5 ']=0=

MVVZC

5I[NI
=8^]Z\WV_
M\@








'
'
M7A;L)FG3P8%[XM:VA/_= V7#S@_]]XGGYEI+/8'*HB=7^ GR5W_@:H3FE'/3




MAF@R1)8!C62FU

M'31I]J
&+S3XHZ):*^)PEB %

\(Y/J4INK=V%
@HH+GM2.M7J
YP&%B]3=

:_2M/WNP5*_QDU



MCPM?\ZJR3H;C;V\:#G/:P/OVS?VK2]XDLV6*KT7UI]SKTR+


G)+8N;8B4JYWV!W5EK4O8M!J=E']RP;][QV;^@M# X@



\HP68W1[JUK\
8


M5QD
[;K:-'VWQ#1\&S_ ]02P
$




;.KE




$%     @





M[X$L$VCY\V5Y[&?F1V83



BYX;6Q]5%ENVS 0O0K!
M X3:DK:&)!V$+1 Q@IVG[3TFA!N*@D;:6W+Q=%EFVU/R)G^-Z;A1SEHU2O
MN@








'*8)IK



M'Q 210

X\3]D@2=O!


G[.FNZ2
M4A/7\U?UC\:[\G+! DZ

ME:-@1)BO4PQ,CJKJ%(H?IG&MC/C..U$^YEF)_@SP5\(7OQ70C 3@C=:
Q/

X%/K^HIYW7;N3I
M7IUY&Q5C$E0ENSM5:Z.ZY;(@4$D]3=2<3SUC6DC6S^T0+3TY_PU02P,$%
M  @ )HVM4&$ZJ='* 0  8@0  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-30N

M8D5YP3['
\

MLE'(9]5ZC5\YZ5:!6ZV&'L:I:X%3=B %ZL]((R:DVI3QA

U)ES*O_= Q-C@1+TUGCJ3JVV

HV
MW;=S:R:M
MU+F:WB'%^LT(2Y]QARA2'O$?N/BR9(=@8F%V0H OB^-D[%\G

UVO5J'[:1!.VG #@D+9$&![ MY ICU(DH6B!RG

MA1;#=*/Q_%LI_P-02P

MNY_0:H=\33(GP5IQ*#N:L'QIYUX^MI[4*=$:'D*+4$5L6-; FE6DGE\;L3
M=?N8FCBLOZI_-N:5F0
69
OHK^(D\[6;N



V%E44 \!RDCOQK.Z\0S?
M'V41V05\JX!O!(*!0!)-7+20V$ J X$+-'$R5NH42Z!-9=@EDL0QI-D6DPT
M!


NB_



!&7P5QWP5C R8BD3:IJE9JI6BK;:^=Q$G0
M J:VDVS?OK9A66HF57,1[/$_,]]PFEO0KZH




MM-B@V#HXQ8^*W]1D'=A2=D*\V
V7PS*
+1&O^5[;$

AR_AJ#A
MF-
Z3M=OT3^YXDTQ.Z;X1M0_JX
^+T
:!@=^9)=:/XG;9SX4E(;!4/U7?N6U
MD5L2DV
O:N7^@_U%:=$
40Q*PU[[:]6ZZZT_(?G@!CLD@T

#O

&B\#.G_Q5!/:*Z#6IT[1.\P&E




M[) +H-J8VD[H_OW\0BDA7KY@W_FYYYX[[
MZ+EYE#:=T9;N0UKI;H-0K*L








'V]3GGGFOCFW:

:*X;MPL-;$CSU)VE:1NX


E/H%2YREG'4.[R^K

MP3Q!?H^(_I


M
;T1-'DU%/C%-!CA%.S:2/U_3J)C#WL*]*M;Q ^JM_6MZ%.F;XP_
+_4C7!.


^*-IV
7QV-;





MXB2H@!DX2??O9QM*J7TR[29@YSVOGW. 8R^OJGON3U+JZ*6NFGX5G[1N[Y*D


5+JV0Z^[%<QLD2RDCMM+82Y7.165I5U
M
AR_1]-X6M
&SN]?W3^YY$TR3Z*76U7]*O?ZM(J+.-K+@SA7^E%=/\LQH2R.

MY
OD8HU&S6;0D)D&3XK$N$]+$&B)#0GR?L%MJ$BO;$!9.@+IZ^2Z* #5+0
M('4&Z3L#[E5AT&1.TSC-!YRQ/





46

[/9Z3!R3^SN

=$:3D

[M#EB5ME'XS!8-WJ6H
MS8NK*W7A)B\ 


MJBY6E!7L=60N4G+]9P=-9N8QA\'+^6YL/Z 9&G-S_ #[,]ZK]V.]S'4D)E
(S @&Y]13<7:[P#$)X
M)I?'[XXT[C5]X'#]P?XY%.^*.7 #STK\*H^VV



U1DAA!
M;T0PS P7F:

L4(+% U9@F 4NLD1%E@]8@6%&K%BA(BN$8(D3T 3_

7:




+MACS_S?C(WMHA?R

C_WW@I;Y6V@X$9=&Q*_P _;
[
M2&


XKZ$]
&SOOOZI]=\::8(U/P+/CO^JRKG9_YWADN[
;U

QS \
M@(P!9 H@0RT#R&7^B6E6%E+TGAP6OV-VCZ
M

M[E9H]-D//F3F$\?9Y!
8_0E4 AQ O%,@) 8%XA1@=@))/]EF2RR''RH\VD'
M V3%

/DDZT7C6;1HU\M1SGYFD/!2=?
MEY-G29;CGC$3UZ(D*+ET0M7J \)S1]4%#TXXQ%(DM2M#H_:%'![&:Q-_=W



O

RYX;6Q]5-N.VR 0_17D#UAB?-ELY%C:I*I:J96BK=H^$WL26PO&

YE!L

U?J!ZII64@Q(.E_
M5D_MG8@WB3G

MR:W!_AZ1_L


SOK



MNXMOF[D?=HI4J=:FH\CMX:16JBP[)JOC[TCJ7\;L.EZ?O[)_Z8NWQ3SEK5KI
M\D^Q

#:YS5@*8U$JXB3%






G5W!%V[FV3IU5IV* AP.0O,2503$W-1:(3;5\




M_CY)VM7&547[H=Z[G?_GI6ZJHO.7S6O2[AM7K(=.59F0$#:IBNUN.I\-;4_-

9_OBU?WENB_[I\9?

_.)WTJSW7]M;_X??TP%;TC



)N-'2CAS#J
MPHW& 0P




&

M 8F844!1-P/ .AU0QB@@ T95M
-P!TU)B?&TK.MO JU[P.NYWM9%6_[;I^


$%     @ )HVM

I6T&KLL\*7M:9*#W)#TO_[[;XKDA6
3OC%_KSKMG


M^4;D?[*].BW]U/?V_

MX52TE8*]-L^LM

M0M!

YF^2_3Z[DRG74[[32] K7LO*T+C17 Q0@ZS
M;C!A#T/ZF V$2?J8^S$F[




E=^-?

M$Q'#-8
IX(:GAAT%'%$,-*_&V/!Y86!^AINQQL'ZNZS.+OC 67#Q[7SRAS










X?RW4G
M6RQR: 
MEMRZ9:3+NVRU2E[MZF*=U\$);:M=L!_=\3:'CA?EW29;!RN0-C^7
M*SB7K)(%!\/_6+9T_ 7'_LNZ?( #SK.Z7





$R$^=



M!+.T#&

E;
MCJ(%F*%;VXG1Z




MR6VE7#'&Y\7I:V+B\![W$R7Z=W#77X2[O+B$'?Y^0CN\O5A[I*!-D:8]SE
MA?



M7?PSB^W@?+4J%XRCX(FNC\6+KXE61
]D+Q[

 7M
MS_$N*MR

3


F/^7VVS%PBGR;Y
OX;F&$X#++<LE






[/@*[A*[Z
M9-= B-YY0.I+\Q 6+C\8.Q%$K:O=





FR$-'








.UD8N.]

RA=#0#5


H%'$/-SFM/_&*EMFW_-^&9:;
M=Z_HAI$.I0&T#9A;?_9$\ 2@,(YY+\!(T JW*P''PC_ $=ZZN\^#ON14B*
M(0+P_W?E%F#;_:+XZYK69+?'6V39$1):J)$#D#[*5MT@;/W*%F=3LQ@Y:*
M6!!7]T\ ?8

WRT;AAY
S 16XI+\!
M'DB37W:/P#\D?]N5:?(] 

M^S@]T2U8*FLCC(1963YCDV;KEG=HUSY3B:784:EV [8*-YDFAYE+ #W@
M=L@? NXFR6Z@\TU&AF=@SGHSUS4)

0:[K-!M4:.ECXR'Q<R2CH\F/=)_T

MYY8#0OE1\X\C_5:?=DQ*'Y/+)AFN]S%M/G?80




(%_I)XT';1][C
4

MS;&$KM9Z


EQD
M=WACI

M


M:@%0JSZ8PK.)5





0=2


%C5?F=ASX3-)RO






MQ#JF2




M9KI V65;P4%9)D

'QC/&[F*M<:ZF@FNW006
MSB5&KX5N%ZY;=D
'9)ZGV2_\YCB[@7#FND)I'R6[1&P?.P*?6[#XTHRP-:RO



EV
M([JC VPL%9X7B^K%==[$3^VX

:_^ XUHB2
M@MQFD5\:_9DI8/MT1G8Z2\_1E94$_RHB83HB+CP(R*T








DF

F/*BE+IF]70-CHU2=K-ASPR?

P)JTE@Q8QQD?8S\XKP$U?82-%76





S
!7.)D6)9

M?B )-$]

#

M#^9K

MZJ0

H6KAU?/5JIN$.69C/_'$2#(*

LF4




U8+VK

I(XN)IT(\5ML\!W$S
M66
RT2!I)8
W5HQR2NX^Q]N^.9XP6
 -H=(&U0#^ EE[Q


PG
XNW7QWT





MB^
[C=WF%7_$J*@&8Q\OBN.!UK'?Y+3Q[%AYM5YFQ*?=((NT)DD2.
5U75;B

OD85;JKV
56[/YY[:C8O4QA



XBT@3(R^MU31$:
+


M]I9
PI$=@<$7C/73UF\EE!X=9MTDS=9M2;;@\VL





!&@6_]#: 2S]^ZLSKEK*Q]]&U%URO


4



MLV$Y!&O


\












MR
MM9+K$



M#EUR



M@FB)3=8[XK%)-;?88O-Y7N-!L!4(@/BA9[,XOB6%3692IR4K!V;U8W30(GL
M:90
MB
V3UAY]#4]LQB-IY*9:I JDK@\;QU+MR7BHLJ^[XL7MAV\BP9I=/9*!W
M!\JJG17Q//AM-)NDXTE?1=_)(.V-9RDY044B=8;I?#!.^_.I=%Z7ZT;_?CJ9

M9\4I@1PEU4*?*4R8&7?2XZT8*Y!5XV

MH_D\[0T!UH *8\M^?Y(.^GVOY;D7SQH$J;Y4KXS20LLWSY(._.]TUANE\^$4

2+HE61*%KV MAZ6#D+4C81_T[WCC?;=N&?O5A.N*Y1+YW/
ML5Y51]G=D%5$_.


Z1Q

YX-D[J?^PHBU).F?#P

MK7










7[95+
M^F/
3V9./NR])B9UT






MKEE


M.

M:(RKMKDQ$)X V\/%))_QODZ'Z1P ?#:?DEX-UM/OC=&* VS'DE/!HH8)W0;M


!WW ]LDW^K_J


V*#K

+M^]U1VA/F73G?77








M5$/%E'$Q ]!EW/&$5[!+5C=4Y



MJY\


-_CY+A

MS:%K*(RPVMZ
?1I?6B \':7C^1#U-DUX#U_WLV0XGY&#7).+N\ ZJ&MQYPAX




M=*6

HX?C808N)9
&A4?;=
V


MAR\UIPD$


M2=2$\^%T




#TV(5$\CT3L%AAV







M:CX;9/E

5@V)QYLL(_[F'63H#TZ


MK9GD%]DP:S1/5-SZC#







C)@'QA4E=_B3@!B3\ &\7:X
D





JK
Y<7?*=\TDQ1#
M!-*FI02_*/X2&DR0$M5$B)P!]M(V:8-G[ESNIV88:POL2!N




M3B?AAY


;)VA
2M8IOPY=
V(OW&2:'&8N ?2 VZ$8J(-A?(A!



3)



MQD^LP; Y!

):P=7G%&4
MGL8\#@96MSO






M/BR@S!$Q
./'\VK+&:[1KB\NDV*!BIWO8X/I29I

MBJ(#VHKP?
5 N2

6OR.-YDU\^OK7B
MC\$_[*3L#A:



U.M%?VL_(2

M[*5-]










=
M0[(M5]S0/ /Z\))6D)$ 


MI=2?XE)_-NJ&



@+_;9XM&ZGGI+0A+K.9(XR7*\%5& E


MU-8EJI*/K[WXHS$D']$DB?WF^GIEG)-0WJ[5@JFE4Y 0
I_<-'E6_


L71$G3=K'?BE


U=04&HS=



ML/IG



M14+$#*AI12Y[.6NN&V6%)FLW$1;GW:[P4?CR\FD1N%5%M\1L@&: 5JB&LE
M=@V;H!*S=3I%@1-_COBFQ^6847[;K :GW.'D4G@=A^2LR   W( N!0:5)O

O@T^

MA3RB21+[38 &08#UG^ME1KRMS5BJL
I
75;B;[KF\#/VRZ7P!
R7Q+H3L9P+
M YP76R^GN[


I-EU=FX-A
4B

#I'
M%_/U&5Q=#U(\9H31T_=&HC[2:26WQ\T

%T3Y+H

M
X1!-90=PRO5N63FP/$:1)6#VZ2]+*Q-MGJX14


R!.X0[I;&])(X:N8:PS3-+N+40Y.-%
V9)VF
V.V6HA1S!JU


M) MZ[J24#:JIE=6W:+

M1=ADQZ^-JWN=GAAO^X8'?&@KBIXK^Q;K2M]\!_YJQK@:D[KNG7



6D#:
QNS#*&ZP.@I=CW!;]


MK
IX#&#U%UJ/9U W'HMN_%(
2IL'
SSR8#*R/SG+)VSJN
Y([_A#[S8LEMGJ


M.\DC)[EE


4[D8'N
;+5U&$SF
Z4#4<8U(.(W(B]K ]
MHV5^N1XLYG#PNK'09[=@%#KH
-L66U2(WEA3[2K'(@LI9GCTK4VW'VL4S$;
M7_KB3N@U(RV:&57\[H#=! 3'U:-787J[;\48T[)!Y?-VB[9[)_6D'D%*&_M+

8DI7;&[))C1V= *5


CKP27VIT\6'2JC/8&%;+W@VN



%&YU94R$Z=-VX0D!
,B^G0;N_\W&_S+O
M?P\3QGR&CH/?_QZN/<W-.9DBC3]W.TVP97T']_K.][06QQU8%Q(V?=Y\0+^
M 5V/ $
IIP/E-5T*LHM@=]&LTDZGO2E8'6CA/8@[8UG*=U!))IJ#AMG/;G



QX51)?%-0L@





[.)S1
M %[P



M-[QS4=10U%G

!(X]A?YB.)F.#NU[(6FBB-O;7\PD[;4Q\



M

4L1OE%I9)]YYVH]\F4QHN^)(\KX): IY^#


M
0_[NN$@^7.VIB^


8@A _5]1:22X\-!! .IJ3^=*HLS
MC)C322;#03H9]41GZWPX'8S@[@9I?SQMR&

,.^%!D<-SVC &BA]</8J(H4EK'/WIU+2#-E#NI!-BFI*'Q,*
M,(U/^ P9X3?:ZG;O/12.WV;I!/#1K*\IQ7O,P_$%53=N6SNP/X+;'X'%F_;4
M?(--A[W_([O;?)OL[?5[;/RO\RUPZ%:@7/O&G+PT^7KY/19T.:P0?U_?:#+





M*-B)@ .)$1#^Z'IDS&61\SM:7(I28A_YI[3ZWS]*/






_BQ_HO\C7;/]GO'^]K

M
N*6()C$D(Z$
6^6T0


M;-4O1S24+2W;MMVJ(



M9OB0BR

3)=&R

9H8=1VTJ9TM0U;H3#8

MN
T+[!Q6GPB*-H1'^(9PMM8

]NG#@1G#T
MG8Y@4NFVMJO@_JZ[Z9- /P) QOD .


(=?9J6UK
M7)-M,+_ 8T+[L4762J=4#V4W+OBD-




GPI_A=


31
M!   RL   \   !X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6S%FDMOXCH4@/^*E=7



M0LIG\MK40H^BM3&;R\% EVO64/V/W#!A]RRE:JBQFVHUT!O%:*77C)FF'B3#
M83%H*!?1]=7^7!


MBKJ-6UI343(R6WN009G!#R*?$@4P R/0'DS
&X [4'F0&0&2[D$3@BEW9+
MEAYD#D#F)VS)WN
N 

M*1M&YO2UWQ6A
!\CQ_E[JH0=#NBG+P]2ZZ]DPI3-
*EB/B 4\F/DF/_ J&8N

L9=K)Y  $F0!P)BI

M$&

M$D^&+)YP9GO'#.5U+VQFX.H&]LP51$GF/B8DGPQ9/H$
/-22D( R9 $=1R1Q





0*MR3X459GF4%765]?
M56QIQVO5?_;TVI:7MXGBKB?W8
M2P

]G-JF'$]=6;U=SDW95
=AZ+Z$4+;'




L!!V6\/56H+?R]5:@M_+U
M5JW\O56H+?R]5:@M_+U5JW\O4VH+?Q]3:@M_'U-JW\?4VH+<M<-:-#KOY


M3GR]$] [\?5.0._$USL!O=




M#8F&-$]CC^+J\H96]K%+L^O7ZV/K96&][]K*IM8-[&FHOS2=OS4L W73FMBT


MLFH4636*K 9%5H

M_@-02P$% ,4      FC:U0'R// \     3 @  P              @ $
M    7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 
4      FC:U0)^B'#H(   Q    $





M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( :-K5 Q-+LCL@0  (\6   8              
M 0H



M2P$% ,4      FC:U0@_#S6K
!  #2 P  &               @ &7)@

M 0  T@


4
M      FC:U006-IK4!  #2 P  &0              @ $M


'V<QM0$  -(#   9






M965T

4



M A0#%     @ )HVM4-LI?*^W 0  T@
  !D              ( !I4P  'AL






S











4      FC:U0_V#B@BP  !#!@  &0


M% 











MK5!_Y+K(0(  '@%   9                =6




M Q0    ( :-K5!X_5/GN0(  *@*   9                1F  !X;]W





 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskSupplierMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskSupplierMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskSupplierMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskSupplierMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AmountOfConcentrationRiskCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_BasicAndDilutedLossEarningsPerShareNumeratorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_BasicAndDilutedLossEarningsPerShareDenominatorAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_OriginalShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicAndDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicAndDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=PLAG_ShanghaiXunyangMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSalvageValuePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_StatutoryReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentSalvageValuePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_StatutoryReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_TradeReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_Reclassifiedtodiscontinuedoperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivablePeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_VG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_IntangibleAssetsTextualAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_PerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
For the years ended December 31<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLAG_IntangibleAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

