

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-18-001699
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180417
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			American Lorain CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001117057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				870430320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34449
		FILM NUMBER:		18759559
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BEIHUAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		JUNAN COUNTY
		CITY:			SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			276600
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 539-7317959
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BEIHUAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		JUNAN COUNTY
		CITY:			SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			276600
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070806
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Lorain CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070801
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MILLENNIUM QUEST INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000622









   







 D.C.
20549


SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
December 31
 2017


SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
      

    
    
Junan County
Shandong
 People&#146;s Republic of China
 276600

(Registrant&#146;s
telephone number
 including area code) 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
Name of each exchange on which registered
      

Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share

NYSE American


Act:

seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.


file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.





reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
issuer was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.


electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).


pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167; 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s
knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.[ ]


accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller
reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See definitions of &#147;large
accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;smaller reporting company
&#148; and
&#147;emerging growth company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
    

    



 indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to
Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ]

company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).


held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant&#146;s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter were 26
759
570 and $5
351
914
respectively.

774
490 shares of common stock outstanding as of
March 31
 2018.






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

      EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY

    

    
    
    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

    

    
    
    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    
    
    

    


    

    


    







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




&#148; &#147;us&#148; and &#147;our&#148; refer to ALN
 and except where the
      context requires otherwise
 our wholly-owned and majority-owned direct and
      indirect operating subsidiaries. 

    




 a Nevada
      corporation (formerly known as Millennium Quest
 Inc.). 

    




 a limited liability company
      organized under the laws of France that is majority- owned by Junan
      Hongrun. 

    




 Inc.
 a
      Cayman Islands company that is wholly - owned by ALN. 

    




      Ltd. 

    




      Ltd. 

    




      Ltd. 

    




      Ltd. 

    




      Ltd. 

    




      Co.
 Ltd. 

    




      Ltd. 

    




 the legal currency of China.
      

    




 &#147;$&#148; and &#147;US$&#148; refer to the legal currency
      of the United States. 

    




      (excluding Hong Kong and Macau). 

meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 including
 without limitation
 statements
regarding our expectations
 beliefs
 intentions or future strategies that are
signified by the words &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; or similar
language. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on
information available to us on the date hereof
 and we assume no obligation to
update any such forward-looking statements. Our business and financial
performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. Actual results
could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.
In evaluating our business
 you should carefully consider the information set
forth under the heading &#147;Risk Factors.&#148; Readers are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements.







in Shandong Province
 China. We develop
 manufacture and sell the following
types of food products:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    



      

    




 or RTC
      foods
 and ready-to-eat
 or RTE
 foods); and 

    



      

sold in Chinese domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries and
regions such as Japan
 South Korea and Europe. We derive most of our revenues
from sales in China
 Japan and South Korea.


4
 1986 and was formerly known as &#147;Millennium Quest
 Inc.&#148; Effective November
12
 2009
 ALN reincorporated in Nevada from Delaware.

subsidiaries
 Luotian Lorain and Junan Hongrun
 directly. Junan Hongrun
 in
turn
 owns 100% of Dongguan Lorain. In addition
 together with Junan Hongrun
ILH wholly owns Beijing Lorain
 Shandong Greenpia
 and owns approximately 80% of
Shandong Lorain (Shandong Economic Development Investment Co. Ltd. owns
approximately 20%). Shenzhen Lorain is a variable interest entity (the &#147;VIE
entity&#148;)
 which entered in to a series of agreements ( the &#147;VIE Agreements&#148;)
with Shandong Greenpia in December 2017. We sometimes refer to our six Chinese
operating subsidiaries
 the VIE Entity and the Athena Group throughout this
annual report on Form 10-K as the Lorain Group Companies. Below is an
organizational chart of ALN
 ILH and the Lorain Group Companies:

Athena is a holding company which holds majority of the
capital and the voting shares of Conserverie Minerve
 a company organized under
French law. Conserverie Minerve specializes in the processing and sale of
chestnut and prepared foods products in Europe. Conserverie Minerve operates its
businesses through the following
 direct and indirect
 wholly owned
subsidiaries:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

 a company organized under French
      law; 

    
    

 a real estate company organized under
      French law; 

    
    

 a real estate company organized
      under French law; and 

    
    

 a company organized under Portuguese
      law. 

 2015
 Athena approved the merger of its wholly owned
subsidiary Conserverie Minerve into Athena. Athena assumed all contracts
rights
 assets and liabilities of Conserverie Minerve after the merger. Athena
was a holding company with no operations and its only asset was the equity of
Conserverie Minerve. On August 8
 2015
 the merger was completed. In April 2016
Athena ceased operations as discussed above.


segments:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

 

    
    

 and 

    
    
    





products in 2017. We also discontinued 71 products in 2017.


2017. In 2017 and 2016
 this segment contributed 41% and 57% of our total
revenues
 respectively.

chestnuts. The majority of our chestnut products are natural and do not contain
chemical additives.

 in contrast to many other tree nuts
 contains
small quantities of oil and is very high in complex carbohydrates. This makes
them useful for a wider food range than other common nuts. Chestnuts are
commonly steamed
 boiled
 sugar stir-fried
 roasted or added into dishes or
desserts as an ingredient.

products. We differentiate our chestnut products based on production process
high quality raw materials inputs
 flavor
 size and method of packaging. For
instance
 some of our chestnut products that are sold in Japan are packaged in
plastic bags or tin cans
 each considered a different product. Similarly
 some
of our chestnut products are processed with hot water or cold water
 each
considered a different product.

purchase and produce raw chestnuts during these months and store them in our
refrigerated storage facilities throughout the year. Once we obtain a purchase
order during the rest of the year
 we remove the chestnuts from storage
 process
them and ship them within one day of production.



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

 or RTC
 food products
 and


    
    

 or RTE
 food products.
  

customers for safe
 wholesome and tasty foods that are easily prepared.

Typically
 when preparing a RTC
 customers need only to heat the food in a
microwave or boil it for several minutes before eating. Our best-selling RTCs in
2016 and 2017 were French fries.

in 2016 and 2017 were various bean products and various fried vegetables.

convenience food products in 2017. In 2017 and 2016
 this segment contributed
20.1% and 20.3%
 respectively
 of our total revenues.


 mostly frozen vegetables
and frozen fruits. We produced 62 frozen food products in 2016 and 56 frozen
food products in 2017. Our best-selling frozen food products in 2016 and 2017
was sweet corn products.





production seasonality of chestnut products and to increase the utilization rate
of our production capacity. The frozen foods accounted for in our total revenue
increased from 22.7% in 2016 to 38.9% in 2017. Gross margins in this segment are
lower than the margins for chestnut products and convenience foods.



China
 two of which are located in Junan County
 Shandong Province
 one in
Luotian County
 Hubei Province
 and one in Miyun County
 Beijing.

commenced at each of the facilities and the size of the facilities. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

      Size 

    
    
    

    
    

865 

    
    

000 

    
    

558 

    
    

179 


lines. Except Chinese doughnuts production lines
 each production line is used
to produce between 10 and 50 products. We currently run four types of product
lines:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

 which are used to freeze
      raw materials for year-round production and to produce frozen food; 

    
    

 which are used to produce canned
      products
 including chestnut products; 

    
    

 which are used for
      producing RTCs and RTEs
 all of which have nitrogen preservation capacity;
      and 

    
    

 which are used to
      produce Chinese doughnut products. 

involves sorting and cleaning the raw chestnuts purchased during the chestnut
season. We then store the raw chestnuts in our refrigerated storage facilities
throughout the year. Once we obtain a purchase order
 we remove the chestnuts
from storage and process them by steaming
 decladding and deep-freezing the
chestnuts
 depending on the particular product. We then package and ship the
processed chestnuts within one day of production.

involves various steps
 including soaking
 boiling
 coating
 drying
 deep
freezing
 packing
 sealing and sterilizing.

lines
 the types of products produced and the production capacity at each
facility: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    

    
4 Convenience food
      lines 

 
 beans



000 tons of
      production capacity Chinese doughnut lines with 2000 tons production
    capacity 24
900 tons of cold and frozen storage 

    
1 Deep-freezing
      line 

 


000 tons of
      production capacity 4
650 tons of cold and frozen storage 

    
2 Deep-freezing
      lines 

 



000 tons of
      production capacity 6
500 tons of cold and frozen storage 

    
    

 


000 tons of
      production capacity 1
500 tons of cold and frozen storage
  





facilities to take advantage of efficiencies in the transportation of required
raw materials. For example
 Junan Hongrun and Shandong Lorain
 which manufacture
primarily chestnut and frozen products
 are located in Shandong Province
 which
is China&#146;s largest supplier of fresh products by volume. Shandong Province is
also a major chestnut producing region.

meet the standards and requirements of our largest customers in South Korea and
Japan
 with Japan being our top overseas markets in value term.

various certifications for many of our products
 packages and processes
including ISO 9000 or ISO 9001 certification for certain of our chestnut and
frozen vegetable products
 BRC certification for certain of our frozen fruit and
vegetable products and HACCP certification for certain of our frozen vegetable
fruit and chestnut products and our bottom-open chestnuts. We believe that our
quality controls and standards of products distinguish us from other
manufacturers in both domestic and international markets.

 we operate our production lines year
round. In the past
 when our production was focused almost exclusively on
chestnuts
 we experienced seasonal underutilization of our product lines.
However
 our current facilities have multiple-function designs allowing us to
use our production lines for our convenience and frozen products when we are not
producing chestnuts at full capacity. Consequently
 as we have increased our
processed and convenience food offerings over the last several years
 we have
generally been able to run our production lines at increasing efficiency.


element of our business. Our raw materials and partially finished products need
to be preserved in frozen storages (-18&#186;C to -20&#186;C) or constant temperature
storages (-5&#186;C to 5&#186;C). Storage is particularly critical for our chestnut
products because chestnuts are a seasonal fruit.

the type and capacity of our storage resources:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
  

    
    
    

100 

    
    
    

300 

    
    
    

850 

    
    
    

800 

    
    
    

500 

    
    
    

000 

    
    
    

500 

    
    
    

050 





not add to our storage capacity during 2017.


supply ourselves with a small portion of chestnut
 fruit and vegetable products.
For the year ended December 31
 2017
 the supplies coming from agricultural
operations were still a low proportion of the total.

products are shown in the following table.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
    


 Japanese



    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

most vegetables and fruits
 chestnut trees have a 3-5 year growing phase before
they can be harvested. Our current chestnut planting base has been
self-supplying limited quantities of chestnuts to our production since 2007. In
the end of 2016
 we leased two woods in Junan County Shandong Province
 China to
plant more chestnuts trees.

 we grew strawberries in Shandong
 which is used in our
frozen fruit products. 


 approximately 65% and 85% of our procured raw
materials
 respectively
 consisted of agricultural products
 including primarily
chestnuts and vegetables
 approximately 26% and 6%
 respectively
 consisted of
packaging materials and approximately 9% and 9% consisted of condiments such as
sugar
 salt and flour.


agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 red meat
 fish
 eggs
rice and flour. Because of the diversity of available sources of these raw
materials
 we believe that our raw materials are currently in adequate supply
and will continue to be so in the future.





domestic procurement (excluding self-supply)
 overseas markets
 and self-supply.
Domestic and overseas procurement accounted for 93.2% and 4.8%
 respectively
 of
our total raw material costs in 2017
 while self-supply accounted for 2%.
Domestic and overseas procurement accounted for 91% and 6.8%
 respectively
 of
our total raw material costs in 2016
 while self-supply accounted for 2.2% . We
obtained substantially all of our agricultural raw materials from domestic
sources during 2016 and 2017.

 respectively
 we procured approximately 1
670
and 31
892 metric tons of chestnuts and approximately 457 and 32
487 metric tons
of vegetables and other raw materials from a number of third party suppliers
domestic and overseas
 and produced approximately 959 and 438 metric tons of
chestnuts and other products from our own agricultural operations.

typically rely on numerous domestic and international suppliers
 including some
with whom we have a long-term relationship. Our top 10 suppliers accounted for
12.1% and 13.6% of the total procurement in 2017 and 2016 in value terms
respectively. We purchase from suppliers and farmers pursuant to supply
contracts and underlying purchase orders. We have not entered into any long-term
contracts with any of our suppliers.

companies
 agricultural associations and distributors. Some raw materials must
be imported at higher costs
 however. Occasionally
 we also work directly with
farmers. For instance
 we operate an initiative which involves a series of
cooperation and lease agreements between Shandong Lorain
 Beijing Lorain and
local farmers. This initiative involves approximately 1
000 acres of land which
is used primarily to produce Japanese and Korean style chestnuts
 sticky corn
and pumpkins for our operations.


 we have built our facilities near
domestic sources of agricultural raw materials. For example
 Junan Hongrun and
Shandong Lorain are located in Shandong Province
 which is China&#146;s largest
supplier of fresh products by volume. Shandong Province is also a major chestnut
producing region. Local procurement reduces our costs
 especially transportation
costs. It also gives us first-hand harvest and market information
 which
provides us with an advantage in price negotiations with suppliers.

factors
 such as weather conditions and commodity market fluctuations
 which are
beyond our control. We obtain contemporaneous information on local harvests and
collect daily reported price information on harvests in other markets from which
we procure our products. We also attempt to predict harvest yields in advance
based on our information gathering. We use this harvest information to negotiate
best pricing with our suppliers.

season
 our internal procurement function personnel may visit our sources of
supply to assure that the products we are purchasing comply with our
standards.


exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan and South Korea. In 2017
and 2016
 approximately 84.1% and 82.1%
 respectively of our sales were made
domestically in China and approximately 15.9% and 17.9% were to international
customers
 primarily Japan and South Korea. Our top ten customers contributed
12% and 12.1% of our total revenues in 2017 and 2016 respectively.


 we sell our products through our own sales team and
through third-party distributors. We have 18 sales offices in 12 provinces in
China. In 2017 and 2016
 we sold approximately 75.6% and 72.6%
 respectively
 of
our products directly to our Chinese and overseas customers and approximately
24.4% and 27.4% through third-party distributors. In view of a significant decline in our sales
volume in 2017
 we decided to cut spending. The performance of our third-party
distributors was significantly lower than expected
 and our direct-selling
business is the main source of revenue. In addition
 due to the low demand of
the market
 the third-party distributors needed fewer products
 which result
that our relationship not as close as the previous years
 leading to the
increase of bad debts. Therefore
 we decided to reduce the proportion of
third-party distributors and enhance our own sales team.





 including
  Beijing
 Shanghai
 Tianjin and Guangzhou. Our sales team sells our products
  directly to supermarket chains
 mass merchandisers
 large wholesalers and others
  in these markets. In second-tier and third-tier cities
 we currently sell our
  products to third-party distributors
 such as food companies or trading
  companies with established distribution channels in such regions
 rather than
  through our own sales team
 in order to enable us to penetrate such markets more
  quickly without spending significant capital. We also sell to small customers
through independent sales representatives.

distributors provide that we are responsible for transportation costs and the
distributors are responsible for storage costs. Furthermore
 the distributors
have the right to return products that fail to satisfy specified quality
standards
 at our cost. The majority of such contracts require the distributors
to pay us in cash in full upon delivery
 and the remaining contracts provide for
short-term credit
 usually two to three weeks. In addition
 we typically offer
distributors performance-based incentives
 such as a cash bonus equal to 1% to
1.5% of total revenues generated by such distributor which exceed previously
established sales targets.


 primarily
Japan and South Korea. Outside China
 sales in Europe decreased by 100% in 2017
as a result of a bad sales performance in France and Portugal and the shutdown
of Athena Group. Sales in Asia countries also decreased by 93.6% due to weak
demand in Asia countries.

export and trading agents and companies in China
 as well as our own sales team
located in China and Japan. Our sales team sells directly to wholesalers
 food
processors and mass merchandisers.


advertising in the past
 and our advertising budget continues to be limited. In
2017 our marketing and branding efforts included supermarket advertising and
internet advertising.


 both globally and in China.
We do not have a significant market share in any of our business segments.


uniqueness of our products
 quality
 price and brand recognition. We also
utilize our proprietary
 patented and patent-pending technology in the
production of our chestnut products to our competitive advantage.

Our principal competitors in the chestnut product market are currently Hebei
Liyuan
 a Chinese company
 and Foodwell Corporation
 a South Korean company.







  mostly upon quality and product variety. We attempt to use our modern food
  processing technology
 such as nitrogen preservation
 to produce a wide variety
  of high quality convenience foods.

we do not face competitive pressure from any particular competitor or small
group of competitors.


 competition is based
primarily upon quality
 ability to provide a reliable product supply and
customer relationships.

are currently Beijing Liliangzi Food Co. Ltd.
 Hangzhou Dadi Food Co. Ltd. and
Tianjin Jinkaili Food Co. Ltd.
 all of which are located in China.




      src=form10kx14x1.jpg

China.


Office of the PRC during 2012
 including the preparation of aerated snack beans
and frozen bottom open chestnuts. One patent for preparation of liquor preserved
fish and soup was approved in 2013. In 2014
 our patent application during 2012
for the preservation
 storage and processing procedures for chestnuts was
approved. We made application for three patents to State Intellectual Property
Office of the PRC during 2015.

 we also possess 16
patents for utility models and 15 patents for appearance design.

and trade secrets
 such as limiting disclosure of proprietary plans
 methods and
other similar information on a need-to-know basis and requiring employees with
access to our proprietary technology to enter into confidentiality arrangements.
We believe that our proprietary technology and trade secrets are adequately
protected.


 2017
 we had a total of 1
067 employees.
Approximately 717 of our full-time employees are directly employed by our
subsidiary companies and the remaining employees are employed by outsourcing
agents that we use to meet our staffing needs. Compared to 2016
 the total
employees decreased by 25.1% due to our significant production capacity
declining and bad operating performance.

2017
 especially the production department and domestic sales department. Since
our revenue from main business decreased significantly
 358 full-time employees
were dismissed. We shut down 8 sales offices in 2017 to reduce the personnel and
administrative expenses. As required by Chinese law
 all employees are party to
a written employment contract. We compensate the employees outsourced from
agents directly and pay agents a service fee. Agents are responsible for the
pension and social insurance benefits of the leased employees
 as described
below.

both direct and leased
 by job function.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    

067 

to our operations due to labor disputes
 nor have we experienced any
difficulties in recruitment and retention of experienced staff.

(piece work) and compensate other employees with a base salary and bonus based
on performance. We also provide training for our staffs from time to time to
enhance their technical and product knowledge
 including knowledge of industry
quality standards.

types of social insurance organized by municipal and provincial governments.
Outsourcing agents are responsible for contributions on behalf of the leased
employees.


facilities. In total
 21 employees are dedicated to research and
development.

modification and development of our products. We also utilize customer feedback
to assist us in the development of new products.

during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 was not a material portion of
our total expenses for those years.


 we are
subject to regulations of China&#146;s Agricultural Ministry and Ministry of Health.
This regulatory scheme governs the manufacture (including composition and
ingredients)
 labeling
 packaging and safety of food. It also regulates
manufacturing practices
 including quality assurance programs
 for foods through
its current manufacturing practice regulations
 and specifies the standards of
identity for certain foods.

products that requires the approval under regulations
 including chestnuts
frozen vegetables and fruits
 fish
 and canned products. Production of new
products that do not fall into categories of products would require separate
approval from the appropriate Chinese authorities. We have consistently obtained
such approvals for our newly developed products in the past and do not
anticipate any difficulties in obtaining new approvals in the future if
needed.

 we are required to obtain governmental approval
and to register with the State Administration for Industry and Commerce
 in
order to open a new facility in China. We have consistently obtained such
approvals
 and made such registrations
 for our new facilities in the past and
do not anticipate any difficulties in filing new registrations and obtaining new
approvals in the future if needed.





unless an exporter&#146;s products are exempted from inspection
 products must be
inspected in accordance with the Law of the PRC on Import and Export Commodity
Inspection. We have not been exempted from inspection. In the past
 we were
authorized by the relevant authorities to conduct self-inspection of certain of
our export products. However
 currently
 the relevant authorities have imposed
tighter food safety control in China
 and as a result
 all of our exported food
products must be inspected by relevant government agencies. We believe that all
of our exported products are currently in compliance with such requirements and
we do not anticipate any difficulties in complying with such rules in the
future.

 we are required to obtain a license from the local
branch of the Entry-Exit Inspection and Quarantine Bureau of China for our
exported products. We have consistently obtained such licenses in the past and
we do not anticipate any difficulties in obtaining such licenses in the
future.


We lack the ability to sustain our operations if our cash
flow continues to decline and cannot be replenished through financings.


basis. The going-concern basis assumes that assets will be realized and
liabilities will be settled in the ordinary course of business in the amounts
disclosed in the financial statements. Our ability to continue as a going
concern is greatly dependent on our ability to realize our non-cash current
assets such as receivables and inventory into cash in order to settle its
current obligations. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 we incurred a loss of
$78
305
354. As of December 31
 2017
 we had a working capital deficit of
approximately $53
517
412. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 we incurred a
substantial loss of $136
361
080. As of December 31
 2016
 we had a working
capital deficit of approximately $21
271
226. In addition
 as described herein
we have defaulted on all of our outstanding loans. These conditions raise
substantial doubt as to whether we may continue as a going concern. If we are
unable to raise additional financing when needed
 upon terms that are favorable
to us
 we may be unable to implement our long-term business plan
 develop or
enhance our products and services
 take advantage of future opportunities or
respond to competitive pressures on a timely basis
 if at all. In addition
 a
lack of additional financing could force us to substantially curtail or cease
operations.
We may no longer be able to compete in Europe and have
suffered significant losses in China.

We suffered from the investigation with respect to the origin of canned
chestnuts sold by Conserverie Minerve (&#147;Minerve&#148;
 a former subsidiary of Athena)
issued Centre Technique Conservation of Produits Agricoles (&#147;CTCPA&#148;)
 an
industry trade association for canned
 preserved and dehydrated food products in
France. CTCPA stated that only chestnuts based on the European or Japanese
cultivars can be used in canned chestnut products sold in France according to
CTCPA policies and that canned chestnut products must also have received
certification from the International Featured Standards (&#147;IFS&#148;)
 a qualified
third party certification agency in Europe that certifies food products
especially for retail industry. Although
 a proceeding from local court provided
Minerve (now Athena) protection from creditors initiating any actions against
Athena until March 2016
 Athena still cost a lot to recycle market products
seal the finished products
 and thousands of tons of chestnuts during 2016. We
did not have our business in European market due to the non-operating of our
French company
 Athena during 2017. 

100% in 2017 and we have lost our Europe market due to the termination of our
French company
 our competition advantage has been greatly weakened.
Chinese chestnut sales declined due to natural hazard and
fierce market competition. 

competition from the market and the raw material expense increased. Our
chestnuts mainly relied on the raw materials purchased from Luotian
 Hubei
 our
main chestnuts supply area accounted for 8% of the Chinese chestnut
production. If the production area hit by flooding
 the chestnuts production
would be cut significantly and the purchase price would be increased
remarkably.




We may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of high
quality raw materials. 

agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 fruits
 red meat
 fish
eggs
 rice
 flour and packaging products. Despite our efforts to control our
supply of raw materials and maintain good relationships with our suppliers
 we
could lose one or more of our suppliers at any time. The loss of several
suppliers may be difficult to replace and could increase our reliance on higher
cost or lower quality suppliers
 which could negatively affect our
profitability. Any interruptions to
 or decline in
 the amount or quality of our
raw materials supply could materially disrupt our production and adversely
affect our business and financial condition and financial prospects.
The prices that we have paid for our raw materials
recently have experienced significant fluctuation. If these price fluctuations
continue
 our profit margins may be materially adversely affected. 

and 2016 was approximately $1
846 per metric ton and $1
765 per metric ton
respectively
 excluding value added taxes. We do not currently hedge against
changes in our raw material prices. Consequently
 if the costs of our raw
materials increase further
 and we are unable to offset these increases by
raising the prices of our products
 our profit margins and financial condition
could be adversely affected.
Price inflation in China could affect our results of
operation if we are unable to pass along raw material price increases to our
customers. 

years. Because we purchase raw materials from suppliers in China
 price
inflation directly causes an increase in the cost of our raw materials. Price
inflation could affect our results of operation if we are unable to pass along
raw material price increases to customers. In addition
 if inflationary trends
continue in China
 China could lose its competitive advantage as a low-cost
manufacturing venue
 which could in turn lessen some of the competitive
advantages of our being based in China. Accordingly
 inflation in China may
weaken our competitiveness domestically or in international markets.
Our sales and reputation may be affected by product
liability claims
 litigation or
 product recalls in relation to our products.


risk of injury to consumers. We face risks associated with product liability
claims
 litigation
 or product recalls
 if our products cause injury or become
adulterated or misbranded. Our products are subject to product tampering and
contamination
 such as mold
 bacteria
 insects
 shell fragments and off-flavor
contamination
 during any of the procurement
 production
 transportation and
storage processes. If any of our products were to be tampered with
 or become
tainted in any of these respects
 and we were unable to detect this
 our
products could be subject to product liability claims or product recalls. Our
ability to sell products could be reduced if certain pesticides
 herbicides or
other chemicals used by growers have left harmful residues on portions of our
raw materials or if our raw materials have been contaminated by other
agents.

have experienced product liability claims that were made by our customers. The
amounts of such claims were immaterial. However
 claims of product defect or
product liability for material amounts
 individually or in the aggregate
 may be
made in the future.

insurance policy for our business
 as the insurance industry in China is still
in an early stage of development. To the extent that we suffer a loss of a type
which would normally be covered by product liability or general liability
insurance in the United States
 we would incur significant expenses in defending
any action against us and in paying any claims that result from a settlement or
judgment against us. Product liability claims and product recalls could have a
material adverse effect on the demand for our products and on our business goodwill and reputation.
Adverse publicity could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our
products.




Our results of operations could be affected by natural
events in the locations in which our customers operate. 

subject to natural disasters
 such as severe weather and geological events
which could disrupt the operations of those customers and suppliers as well as
our operations. If our customers suffer from these events
 their operations may
be negatively impacted. As a result
 some or all of those customers may reduce
their orders for our products
 which could adversely affect our revenue and
results of operations.
The acquisition of other businesses could pose risks to
our profitability. 

proposed acquisition could result in accounting charges
 potentially dilutive
issuances of equity securities
 and increased debt and contingent liabilities
any of which could have a material adverse effect on our existing business and
the market price of our common stock. Acquisitions
 in general
 entail many
risks
 including risks relating to the failed integration of the acquired
operations
 diversion of management&#146;s attention
 and the potential loss of key
employees of the acquired organizations. We may be unable to successfully
integrate businesses or the personnel of any business that might be acquired in
the future
 and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our
business and on the market price of our common stock.
A significant amount of our revenues is dependent on a
limited number of customers and the loss of any one of our major customers could
materially and adversely affect our revenues. 

derived from a limited number of customers
 particularly in our chestnut
products segment. Sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately
12% and 12.1% of our total revenues in 2017 and 2016
 respectively. The loss of
any one of these customers
 or a material decrease in purchases by any one of
these customers
 could adversely impact our revenues.
We rely primarily on distributors to sell our products.
Any delays in delivery or poor handling by our distributors or third-party
transport operators may affect our sales and damage our reputation. 

 we sold our products through over 92 distribution
service providers. The services provided could be suspended and could cause
interruption to the supply of our products to domestic or overseas customers.
Delivery disruptions may occur for various reasons beyond our control
 including
poor handling by service providers or third party transport operators
transportation bottlenecks
 natural disasters and labor strikes
 and could lead
to delayed
 damaged or lost deliveries. If our products are not delivered in a
timely manner
 our reputation could be harmed. If our products are damaged in
the process of being delivered
 we may be liable to pay for such damages
incurred.
We are dependent on certain key personnel and loss of
these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our research and
development
 operations and revenue. 

 our
chairman and chief executive officer. Mr. Chen
 together with other senior
management
 has been a key driver of our strategy and has been fundamental to
our achievements to date. The management of our business is
 to a considerable
extent
 dependent on the services of Mr. Chen and other senior management. We
compete for qualified personnel with other food processing companies
 food
retailers and research institutions. Consequently
 we may either lose key
employees to our competitors or we may need to significantly increase the
compensation of such employees in order to retain them. The loss of the services
of any key management employee or failure to recruit a suitable or comparable
replacement could have a significant impact upon our ability to manage our
business effectively
 and our business may be adversely affected.




We face increasing competition from domestic and foreign
companies. 

  compete against other national and international enterprises is
 to a
  significant extent
 dependent on our ability to distinguish our products from
  those of our competitors by providing large volumes of high quality products
  that appeal to consumers&#146; tastes and preferences at reasonable prices. Some of
  our competitors have been in business longer than we have and are more
  established. Our competitors may provide products comparable or superior to
  those we provide or adapt more quickly than we do to evolving industry trends or
  changing market requirements. Increased competition may result in price
  reductions
 higher raw materials prices
 reduced margins and loss of market
  share
 any of which could materially adversely affect our profit margins.
Our products are subject to counterfeiting or imitation
which could impact our reputation. 

 we have experienced limited counterfeiting and
imitation of our products. However
 counterfeiting or imitation of our products
may occur in the future and we may not be able to detect it and deal with it
effectively. Any occurrence of counterfeiting or imitation could impact
negatively upon our reputation
 particularly if the counterfeit or imitation
products cause sickness
 or injury to consumers. In addition
 counterfeit or
imitation products could result in our need to incur costs with respect to the
detection or prosecution of such activities.
We may have liquidity risk in relating to the decrease of
cash flow and the bad debt loss. 

At December 31
 2017 and 2016
 cash and cash equivalents (including restricted
cash) were $0.09 million and $0.4 million
 respectively. The decrease of cash
and cash equivalents (including restricted cash) are by $0.31 million
 or by
77.5% due to the bad debt loss. If we cannot increase the quantity of our
products sales
 we may not be able to manage cash flow.

We are subject to extensive regulations by the Chinese
government. 

Chinese government agencies. Among other things
 these regulations govern the
manufacturing
 importation
 processing
 packaging
 storage
 exportation
distribution and labeling of our products. New or amended statutes and
regulations may require us to obtain new licenses and permits and could require
us to change our methods of operations at costs that could be substantial.
Our failure to comply with PRC environmental laws may
require us to incur significant costs. 

environmental protection laws and regulations. These laws and regulations
require enterprises engaged in manufacturing and construction that may cause
environmental waste to adopt effective measures to control such waste. In
addition
 such enterprises are required to pay fines
 or to cease operations
entirely under extreme circumstances
 should they discharge waste substances.
The Chinese government may also change the existing laws or regulations or
impose additional or stricter laws or regulations
 compliance with which may
cause us to incur significant capital expenditures
 which we may be unable to
pass on to our customers through higher prices for our products.
Our failure to comply with PRC hygiene laws may require
us to incur significant costs. 

compliance with PRC food hygiene laws and regulations. These food hygiene laws
require all enterprises engaged in the production of chestnuts and various
vegetables and fruits to obtain a hygiene license for each of their production
facilities. Such laws also require manufacturers to comply with regulations with
respect to food
 food additives
 packaging
 and food production sites
facilities and equipment. Failure to comply with PRC food hygiene laws may
result in fines
 suspension of operations
 loss of hygiene licenses and
 in more
extreme cases
 criminal proceedings against an enterprise and its management.
The Chinese government may also change the existing laws or regulations or
impose additional or stricter laws or regulations
 compliance with which may cause us to incur
significant capital expenditures
 which we may be unable to pass on to our
customers through higher prices for our products.




Chinese government forcing relocation may require us to
incur significant costs. 

the factory of Junan Hongrun according to a new city zoning plan where Shandong
Lorain resident
 so that the land can be used for other urban use. Shandong
Lorain has started this relocation process in July 2016 and finished this
process in December 2016. During the relocation process
 we were not allowed to
produce our products with full capacity. Shandong Lorain was barely operating
during 2017 to reduce the cost of our business
 because it is relocated to Junan Hongrun&#146;s site
 where the main business is almost the same. As a result
the revenue from sales of chestnuts food products was $ 0.4 million and $30.4
million in 2017 and in 2016
 respectively
 decreasing by approximately 98.7%
..

received and whether the amount of compensation for land requisition can make up
for our loss during the relocation period. If we cannot receive sufficient
compensation next year
 the relocation will cost us a significant loss.

We have defaulted on all of our outstanding debt due to
our poor operation performance and lack of finance from funding activities.


 2017
 the balance of our short-term loans
was approximately $23.8 million
 all of which have been in default and have not
been repaid. Such loans are generally secured by our fixed assets
 receivables
and/or guarantees by third parties. We are in negotiations to renew these loans
or modify the repayment terms. If we fail to satisfy our creditors&#146; demands
 our
creditors may apply for enforcement to sell our encumbered assets
 which would
result in a material adverse effect on our operations. 

and $15.4 that were issued by Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd. and Daiwa SSC
Securities Co. Ltd.
 respectively
 and negotiating with the debenture holders to
extend repayment terms. If we fail to repay
 a third party guarantor would be
required to repay these the debenture holders. However
 the outcome of any
discussions among the parties is unknown and our operations may be adversely
impacted if such obligations are not repaid. 
Our operations are cash intensive
 and our business could
be adversely affected if we fail to maintain sufficient levels of working
capital. 

principally to procure raw materials for our products. Many of our suppliers
including chestnut
 vegetable and fruit farmers
 and suppliers of packaging
materials
 do not allow us to pay on credit. However
 some of the suppliers with
whom we have a long-standing business relationship allow us to pay on credit. We
fund the majority of our working capital requirements out of cash flow generated
from operations. If we fail to generate sufficient sales
 or if our suppliers
stop offering us credit terms
 we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our
operating costs and our business could be adversely affected.

requirements from the proceeds of short-term loans from Chinese banks in 2017. Our
average loan balance from short-term bank loans in 2016 was approximately $30.7
million and in 2017 was approximately $23.8. We expect to continue to do so in
the future. Such loans are generally secured by our fixed assets
 receivables
and/or guarantees by third parties. The term of almost all such loans is one
year or less. Historically
 we have rolled over such loans on an annual basis.
However
 we may not be able to roll over such loans in the future or may not
have sufficient funds available to pay all of our borrowings upon maturity.
Failure to roll over our short-term borrowings at maturity or to service our
debt could result in the imposition of penalties
 including increases in rates
of interest
 legal actions against us by our creditors
 or even insolvency.





cash flows from operations and current and expected short-term bank loans are
not adequate to satisfy our liquidity requirements through 2018. Our plans
include considering pursuing alternative financing arrangements or further
reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash requirements
 as well as
pursuing acquisitions using our publicly traded equity as consideration.
However
 there is no assurance that
 if required
 we will be able to raise
additional capital or reduce discretionary spending
 or successfully consummate
acquisitions
 to provide the required liquidity. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure
of the availability or terms of any third party financing or our ability to
continue operating.
We are subject to credit risk in respect of accounts
receivables. 

 some of our customers
 including some of our
large supermarket customers
 delayed their payments for up to 60 to 90 days
beyond their term. Our cash flow suffered while waiting for such payments.
Consequently
 at times we had to delay payments to our suppliers and to postpone
business expansion as a result of these delayed payments. Starting in 2008 and
through 2016
 we gradually shortened credit terms for many of our domestic
customers from between 30 and 180 days to between 30 and 60 days; international
customers are typically extended 90 days credit. In 2017
 we took the same
credit terms policy for our customers. Our large customers may fail to meet
these shortened credit terms
 in which case we may not have sufficient cash flow
to fund our operating costs and our business could be adversely affected.
We may enter into additional financing agreements which
may have a dilutive effect to our earnings per share and the rights of certain
stockholders. 

our earnings per share or the issuance of securities with rights superior to our
current outstanding securities. We may also grant registration rights to
investors purchasing our equity or debt securities in the future.
We may be exposed to potential risks relating to our
internal control over financial reporting and our ability to have such controls
attested to by our independent auditors. 

 under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
adopted rules requiring public companies to provide in their annual reports on
Form 10-K a report by management with respect to the company&#146;s disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are
currently required to comply with this requirement. In addition
 such rules
require the independent registered public accounting firm auditing a company&#146;s
financial statements to attest to the operating effectiveness of such company&#146;s
internal controls. However
 because we are a smaller reporting company
 we are
not required to receive an attestation report from a registered public
accounting firm. We can provide no assurance that we will comply with all of the
requirements imposed thereby. Further
 we cannot assure that we will receive a
positive attestation from our independent auditors. Investors and others may
lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements in the event we
identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal
controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner or if we are unable to
receive a positive attestation from our independent auditors with respect to our
internal controls.

Changes in China&#146;s political or economic situation could
harm us and our operating results. 

positive effect on the economic development of the country. However
 the Chinese
government could change these economic reforms at any time. Such changes could
negatively impact our operations and profitability.
The structure of the Chinese economy may inhibit our
ability to expand our business. 

countries belonging to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development
 or OECD
 in several ways. For example
 state-owned enterprises
constitute a large portion of the Chinese economy. In addition
 weak corporate
governance practices and the lack of flexible currency exchange policies
continue to persist. As a result of these differences
 we may not develop in the
same way or at the same rate as might be expected if the Chinese economy were
similar to those of the OECD member countries.




Our business is largely subject to the uncertain legal
environment in China. 

statutes. Unlike common law systems
 it is a system in which precedents set in
earlier legal cases are not generally used. Laws
 regulations and legal
requirements relating to foreign investments in China are still evolving
 and
their interpretation and enforcement involve uncertainties. These uncertainties
could limit the legal protections available to foreign investors
 such as the
right of foreign enterprises to hold required business licenses and permits.
It may be difficult for our stockholders to effect
service of process against our subsidiaries or our officers and directors.


China and France and substantially all of their assets are located outside the
U.S. In addition
 our executive officers and directors are residents of China
and substantially all of their assets are located outside the U.S. As a result
it could be difficult for our stockholders to effect service of process in the
U.S.
 or to enforce a judgment obtained in the U.S.
 against our officers and
directors in China.
Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability
to receive and use our revenues effectively. 

dollars
 and any future restrictions on currency exchanges may limit our ability
to use revenue generated in Renminbi to fund any future business activities
outside China or to make dividends or other payments in U.S. dollars. Although
the Chinese government introduced regulations in 1996 to allow greater
convertibility of the Renminbi for current account transactions
 significant
restrictions still remain. For instance
 foreign enterprises may only buy
 sell
or remit foreign currencies after providing valid commercial documents at banks
in China authorized to conduct foreign exchange business. In addition
conversion of Renminbi for capital account items
 including direct investment
and loans
 is subject to governmental approval in China
 and companies are
required to open and maintain separate foreign exchange accounts for capital
account items. The Chinese regulatory authorities may impose more stringent
restrictions on the convertibility of the Renminbi in the future.
Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating to the
establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may have
negative effects on our company. 

 the PRC State Administration of Foreign
Exchange
 or SAFE
 issued the Notice on Relevant Issues in the Foreign Exchange
Control over Financing and Return Investment Through Special Purpose Companies
by Residents Inside China
 generally referred to as Circular 75
 which required
PRC residents to register with the local SAFE branch before establishing or
acquiring control over an offshore special purpose vehicle
 or SPV
 for the
purpose of engaging in an equity financing outside of China on the strength of
domestic PRC assets originally held by those residents. Internal implementing
guidelines issued by SAFE
 which became public in June 2007 (known as Notice
106)
 further expanded the reach of Circular 75.

controlled by Si Chen
 our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to
Circular 75 and Notice 106
 if a PRC resident has completed a round-trip
investment through its established SPV but has not yet completed the required
procedures of SAFE registration for offshore investment of the SPV
 he must
retroactively register the SPV with SAFE.

 a
Japanese individual
 Hisashi Akazawa
 was designated as a nominee holder of ILH
when ILH was established. Mr. Akazawa granted an option to our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Chen
 allowing Mr. Chen to buy 90% of Mr. Akazawa&#146;s
interest in the Company at a fixed price at a future time in accordance with the
terms of an option agreement between the two parties. On December 22
 2008
 Mr.
Chen exercised this option. In addition
 on that date
 Mr. Chen acquired all of
the remaining shares of our company held by Mr. Akazawa. As a result
 Mr. Chen is the
beneficiary of ILH and may be required to register with and obtain approvals
from SAFE or its agency with respect to the direct offshore investment
activities related to the acquisition of the Lorain Group Companies.





  beneficial owner of ILH is determined by the PRC authorities to be a serious
  violation of the requirements of the PRC Company Law and the PRC Regulation of
  Registration of Companies
 the Lorain Group Companies may be ordered by the
  company registration authority in the PRC to make corrections on its filed
  registration
 to be fined an amount no less than RMB 5
000 and no more than RMB
  50
000 or
 in the worse scenario
 to have its company registration certificate
revoked or its business licenses canceled.

 2014
 the SAFE issued the Circular Relating to
Foreign Exchange Administration of Offshore Investment
 Financing and Roundtrip
Investment by Domestic Residents Through Special Purpose Vehicles
 or Circular
37. Circular 37 repeals and replaces the Notice Concerning Foreign Exchange
Controls on Domestic Residents&#146; Financing and Roundtrip Investment Through
Offshore Special Purpose Vehicles
 or Circular 75. Under Circular 37
 PRC
residents are required to register with the SAFE or its local branches prior to
establishing
 or acquiring control of
 an offshore company for the purpose of
investment or financing that offshore company with equity interests in
 or
assets of
 a PRC enterprise or with offshore equity interest or assets legally
held by such PRC resident. In addition
 PRC residents are required to amend
their registrations with the SAFE and its local branches to reflect any material
changes with respect to such PRC resident&#146;s investment in such offshore company
including changes to basic information of such PRC resident
 increase or
decrease in capital
 share transfer or share swap
 merger or division. In the
event that a PRC shareholder fails to make the required registration or update
the previously filed registration
 the PRC subsidiaries of that offshore special
purpose vehicle may be prohibited from distributing their profits and the
proceeds from any reduction in capital
 share transfer or liquidation to their
offshore parent company
 and the offshore parent company may also be prohibited
from contributing additional capital into its PRC subsidiaries. Furthermore
failure to comply with the various foreign exchange registration requirements
described above could result in liability under the PRC laws for evasion of
applicable foreign exchange restrictions.

the SAFE regulations to make the necessary registrations under the SAFE
regulations. However
 we may not be fully informed of the identities of the
beneficial owners of our company. We do not have control over our beneficial
owners and cannot assure you that all of our PRC resident beneficial owners will
comply with SAFE regulations. The failure of our beneficial owners who are PRC
residents to comply with these SAFE registrations may subject such beneficial
owners or our PRC subsidiaries to fines and legal sanctions. Furthermore
 since
Circular 37 was recently promulgated and it is unclear how this regulation
 and
any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border transactions
 will be
interpreted
 amended and implemented by the relevant PRC government authorities
we cannot predict how these regulations will affect our business operations or
future strategy. Failure to register or comply with relevant requirements may
also limit our ability to contribute additional capital to our PRC subsidiaries
and limit our PRC subsidiaries&#146; ability to distribute dividends to our company.
These risks may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial
condition and results of operations.

 characterize and register Mr. Chen
as a beneficial owner of ILH is determined by the PRC authorities to be a
violation of the requirements of registration and disclosure under new Circular
37
 the Lorain Group Companies may be ordered by the authority in the PRC to
make corrections on its filed registration
 to be fined an amount up to RMB
50
000 for Mr. Chen and up to RMB 300
000 for the Lorain Group Companies.

 since Circular 37 was recently promulgated and it
is unclear how this regulation
 and any future regulation concerning offshore or
cross-border transactions
 will be interpreted
 amended and implemented by the
relevant PRC government authorities
 we cannot predict how these regulations
will affect our business operations or future strategy. Failure to register or
comply with relevant requirements may also limit our ability to contribute
additional capital to our PRC subsidiaries and limit our PRC subsidiaries&#146;
ability to distribute dividends to our company. These risks may have a material
adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of
operations.




Our financial condition is affected by the foreign
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Renminbi. 

  rates
 primarily the rate between the U.S. dollar and the Renminbi
 as well as
  Euro and Renminbi. In the event that the Renminbi appreciates against the U.S.
  dollar and Euro
 our costs will increase.
We may encounter credit risks from our suppliers in
China.

received into inventory. We did not place significant new orders or make
additional payments to vendors and suppliers
 especially
 peasant suppliers whom
do not abide by contract law and have not fulfilled their obligations.

We may be forced to delisting from the NYSE American if
we fail to satisfy their continued listing standards. 

 2017
 we received a letter from NYSE American (the
&#147;Exchange&#148;) stating that the Exchange has determined that we are not in
compliance with their continued listing standards due to our failure to timely
file with the SEC our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
2016. Although we believe that we are now in compliance with the Exchange&#146;s
continued listing standards
 there is no guarantee that we will continue to be
in compliance with such standards and that our shares of common stock will
continue to be listed on the Exchange. In the event that our shares of common
stock are delisted by the Exchange
 and our shares are listed on an
over-the-counter market
 the price of our shares may decline and you may be
forced to sell your shares at a loss
 if at all. 
Certain of our stockholders have the ability to delay or
prevent adoption of important business decisions based on their ownership of a
significant percentage of our outstanding voting securities. 

outstanding voting securities. As a result
 DEG possesses significant influence
over our business.
Certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation may
make it more difficult for a third party to effect a change-in-control.


to issue up to 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval.
The preferred stock may be issued in one or more series
 the terms of which may
be determined at the time of issuance by the board of directors without further
action by the stockholders. These terms may contain voting rights
 including the
right to vote as a series on particular matters
 preferences as to dividends and
liquidation
 conversion rights and redemption rights provisions. The issuance of
any preferred stock could diminish the rights of holders of our common stock
and therefore could reduce the value of such common stock. In addition
 specific
rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict
our ability to merge with
 or sell assets to
 a third party. The ability of our
board of directors to issue preferred stock could make it more difficult to
acquire our company and could negatively affect the market price of our common
stock.
We do not expect to pay dividends in the future
 and any
return on your investment may be limited to the value of the shares you acquire.


our common stock as of April 16
 2007
 we have never declared or paid cash
dividends. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in
the foreseeable future and any return on your investment may be limited to the
value of the shares of our common stock that you acquire. We currently intend to
retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our
business.








 which are owned except where otherwise
indicated
 are as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    




  

    
    
    
  

    


    
  

    




    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    




    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    




    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    

 we currently have land use rights to
 or
lease
 70 properties with approximately 307
897 square meters
 consisting of
manufacturing facilities
 office buildings and land reserved for future
expansion. We believe our current facilities provide adequate capacity for our
current and projected needs.

companies are permitted to acquire land use rights for specific purposes. In the
case of land used for industrial purposes
 the land use rights are granted for a
period of up to 50 years. This period may be renewed at the expiration of the
initial and any subsequent terms. Granted land use rights are transferable and
may be used as security for borrowings and other obligations.


Shandong Province
 which was initially filed by Shandong Lorain
 a subsidiary of
the Company
 against Junan Hengji Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (Junan
Hengji) in November 2013 at Linyi City Intermediate People&#146;s Court of Shandong
Province (the Linyi Court).

Group Co.
 Ltd. (Heng An Investment) as a co-defendant after the case was
first filed at Linyi Court.

 Shandong Lorain and Junan Hengji entered
into a cooperative development agreement (the Agreement) and in March 2011
Heng An Investment
 an affiliated company of Junan Hengji also entered into the
Agreement with Shandong Lorain to jointly develop the project with Junan Hengji.
Pursuant to the Agreement
 Junan Henji and Heng An Investment are required to
pay Shandong Lorain a total RMB 20 million (approximately $3
225
806) fixed
return according to the development status of the project developed by Junan
Hengji and Heng An Investment. The payment was due and unpaid to Shandong
Lorain. Shandong Lorain and the Company evaluated the potential claims against
Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment
 disputes between the parties with respect
to out of pocket expenses paid by Junan Hengji
 as well as the litigation fee
that is required to be paid to the court based upon the amount claimed.
Ultimately
 Shandong Lorain decided to file the lawsuit with Linyi Court to
claim a fixed return of RMB 10 million (approximately $1
636
902) first.

 the Linyi Court had its first trial session.
During the trial
 Heng An Investment filed a counterclaim against Shandong
Lorain for repayment of out of pocket expenses which would off-set the entire
fixed return plus additional unpaid expenses of RMB 4
746
927 (approximately
$765
633). Shandong Lorain responded that Heng An Investment does not have
standing to file the counter-claim because the out of pocket payments was made
by Junan Hengji. In November 2014
 the court had a second trial session and
completed its discovery process. On March 21
 2015
 Shandong Lorain received
Linyi Court&#146;s decision that rejected Shandong Lorain&#146;s claim for RMB 10
000
000
against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. On April 3
 2015
Shandong Lorain appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of Shandong Province.
In November 2015
 Supreme Court of Shandong Province vacated the decision of the
Linyi Court and remanded the case back to the Linyi Court for a retrial. The
retrial took place on April 25
 2016
 at the Linyi City Intermediate People&#146;s
Court
 and the decision thereon is currently pending. The Company anticipates
that Shandong Lorain will prevail on retrial.











ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 


as the American Stock Exchange
 the NYSE Amex Equities Exchange and the NYSE
MKT) under the symbol &#147;ALN&#148;. At April 9
 2018
 the closing price for our common
stock was $0.19 per share.

 for the periods indicated
 the
high and low sales prices of our common stock. These prices reflect inter-dealer
prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent
actual transactions.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    





    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    




      31



    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    




    





    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    


Approximate Number of Holders of Our Common
Stock

 2018
 there were 307 stockholders of record of
our common stock. This does not include the holders whose shares are held in a
depository trust in &#147;street&#148; name.


payment of a dividend in April 2007 in connection with our reverse merger. Any
future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors. We
currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and
expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future.
Issuances of Unregistered
Securities

 2017
 we entered into a securities purchase
agreement
 pursuant to which Yi Li and Beili Zhu
 each an individual residing in
the People&#146;s Republic of China
 agreed to invest an aggregate of $1.275 million
in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of 7
500
000 shares of our common
stock
 representing a purchase price of $0.17 per Share. The transaction closed
on January 23
 2018.
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans

herein by reference.






ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&#146;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 


in Shandong Province
 China. We develop
 manufacture and sell the following
types of food products:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


 

    
    


 or RTC
      foods
 and ready-to-eat
 or RTE
 foods); and 

    
    

      

sold in the Chinese domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries
and regions such as Japan and South Korea. We produced 143 products in 2017. We
derive most of our revenues from sales in China
 South Korea and Japan.
Production Factors that Affect our Financial and
Operational Condition 

agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 fruits
 red meat
 fish
eggs
 rice
 flour and packaging products. During 2017
 the cost of our raw
materials decreased from $143
226
607 to $6
848
930 for a decrease of
approximately 95.2% . Despite our efforts to control our supply of raw materials
and maintain good relationships with our suppliers
 we could lose one or more of
our suppliers at any time. The loss of several suppliers may be difficult to
replace and could increase our reliance on higher cost or lower quality
suppliers
 which could negatively affect our profitability. Any interruptions
to
 or decline in
 the amount or quality of our raw materials supply could
materially disrupt our production and adversely affect our business and
financial condition and financial prospects.

domestic market in 2017 and 2016 was approximately $1
846 metric ton and $1
765
per metric ton
 respectively
 excluding value added taxes. In the past few
years
 increasing inflation pressures weighed on the Chinese economy which
reflected on agricultural product prices. We do not have effective means and do
not currently hedge against changes in our raw material prices. Consequently
 if
the costs of our raw materials increase further and we are unable to offset
these increases by raising the prices of our products
 our profit margins and
financial condition could be adversely affected.
Uncertainties that Affect our Financial
Condition

principally to procure raw materials for our products. Many of our suppliers
including chestnut
 vegetable and fruit farmers
 and suppliers of packaging
materials
 require us to pay for their supplies in cash on the same day that
such supplies are delivered to us. However
 some of the suppliers with whom we
have a long-standing business relationship allow us to pay on credit. We fund
the majority of our working capital requirements out of cash flow generated from
operations. If we fail to generate sufficient sales
 or if our suppliers stop
offering us credit terms
 we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our
operating costs and our business could be adversely affected.

capital requirements in 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 from the proceeds of
short-term loans from Chinese banks. We expect to continue to do so in the
future. Such loans are generally secured by our fixed assets
 receivables and/or
guarantees by third parties. Our average loan balance from short-term bank loans
in 2017 and 2016 were approximately $23.8 million and $30.7 million
respectively. The term of almost all such loans is one year or less.
Historically
 we have rolled over such loans on an annual basis. However
 in
recent years
 the Chinese government has implemented more stringent credit
policies to curb inflation and soaring property prices
 which could negatively
impact our ability to obtain or roll over these short term loans
 and hence not having sufficient funds
available to pay all of our borrowings upon maturity. Failure to roll over our
short-term borrowings at maturity or to service our debt could result in the
imposition of penalties
 including increases in rates of interest
 legal actions
against us by our creditors
 or even insolvency. We obtained long term loans
private placement financing and a convertible promissory note during the period
2011 to 2017. We can provide no assurances that we will be able to enter into
any future financing or refinancing agreements on terms favorable to us
especially considering the current instability of the capital markets.





  cash flows from operations and current and expected short-term bank loans are
  not adequate to satisfy our liquidity requirements through 2018. Our plans
  include considering pursuing alternative financing arrangements or further
  reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash requirements
 as well as
  pursuing acquisitions using our publicly traded equity as consideration.
  However
 there is no assurance that
 if required
 we will be able to raise
  additional capital or reduce discretionary spending
 or successfully consummate
  acquisitions
 to provide the required liquidity. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure
  of the availability or terms of any third party financing or our ability to
continue operating.


operations for the periods indicated
 and the differences between the two
periods expressed in dollars and percentages.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



      

      
Year
      Ended
    
    
    
    
    
    

      


      

      
December
      31

    
    


    
    



      


      

      
2017
      
    
    
2016
      
    
    
    
    
    
    

      

    
















    


    
  

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    


    
    










    


    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    












    


    
  

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

(Loss)/Income from
      continuing




    




    








    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    












    


    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    




    




    




    



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    




    




    


    
    


    
  

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
  

    


    












    


    
  

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    




















    



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    

Year Ended December 31
 2017 Compared to Year Ended December
31
 2016

. Net revenues decreased by $74.6 million
or approximately 93.6%
 to $5.1 million in 2017 from $79.7 million in 2016.

 more competitors entered the
convenience food industry that develop more types of products. Our current
products have not met customers&#146; demand during this time period due to our
failure to invest in research and development. In addition
 we have faced
significant competition from Chinese online ordering platforms since 2015
 which
platforms offer convenient and efficient meals directly from restaurants. In
addition
 Dongguan Lorain ceased operations in October 2016 due to its
high cost of environmental compliance cost
 the overlap of products and market
with Luotian Lorain
 both of which focus on the southern market of China
 and
poor performance of sales revenue. During the year ended December 31
 2015
 the
financial position and results of operations of Minerve were accounted for as
subsidiaries in the Company&#146;s financial statements; however
 during the year
ended December 31
 2016
 Minerve became insolvent and was compelled by its
creditors into bankruptcy
 and
 ultimately
 liquidation. Accordingly
 the
Company lost control of Minerve and recognized a complete write off its
investment in Minerve. Balances owed by Minerve to other subsidiaries of the
Company have been written off. During 2017
 we don&#146;t have any revenues received
from Athena due to the non-operation of the company. 




 Our cost of revenues decreased $63.7
  million
 or approximately 92.1%
 to $5.5 million in 2017 from $69.2 million in
2016
 as a result of decrease of net revenue.
. Our gross profit decreased $10.9 million
or 103.8%
 to negative $0.4 million in 2017 from $10.5 million in 2016
 mainly
attributed to the fact that revenues decreased by $74.6 million. The gross
profit ratio decreased from 13.2% to negative 6.9% in 2017
 mainly because of our
ceasing to sell many of our convenience food products
 non-operation of Athena
Group
 Shandong Lorain and Dongguan Lorain
 the cost of chestnuts increased and
the sales of chestnuts in China and outside China declined significantly.

. Our selling and
marketing expenses decreased approximately $5.7 million
 or 92.9%
 to $0.4
million in 2017 from $6.1 million in 2016. The decrease is attributable to
decreases of employee salary
 travel expense
 entertainment expense
transportation fee and storage charge by 22%
 80%
 90%
 90% and 90%
respectively
 in 2017.
 Our general and
administrative expenses decreased approximately $0.2 million
 or 0.6%
 to $ 40.6
million in 2017 from $40.8 million in 2016. The decrease mainly due to bad debt
including unrecovered trade receivables and other receivables $ 46
825
557 that
management determined cannot be recovered
 which accounted for 53.0% of total
general and administrative expenses in 2017. In 2017
 the credit terms for many
of our domestic customers was between 30 and 60 days; international customers
are typically extended 90 days credit. Our cash flow suffered while waiting for
such payments.


approximately $1.2 million in 2016 due to bad performance of operation.
Income Before Taxation and Non-Controlling
Interest

 or
8.1%
 to $78.1 million in 2017 from $85.3 million in 2016
 mainly due to cost of revenue decreased $63.7 million to $5.5 million in 2017 from $69.2 million in 2016 . In addition
 decrease of gross profit also led to the decrease of income before taxation and non-controlling interest.


 or 91.5%
 to
$0.2 million in 2017
 as compared to $1.9 million in 2016. This decrease was
attributable to the lower income (excluding impairment) earned in 2017 as
compared to 2016.


equity of our subsidiary Shandong Lorain
 which is reflected in the
non-controlling interest of negative $7.7 million in 2017 and $7.3 million in
2016.






approximately $23.9 million
 or 27.5%
 to negative $63.2 million in 2017 from
negative $87.2 million in 2016. 


basis. The going-concern basis assumes that assets will be realized and
liabilities will be settled in the ordinary course of business in the amounts
disclosed in the financial statements. Our ability to continue as a going
concern is greatly dependent on our ability to realize our non-cash current
assets such as receivables and inventory into cash in order to settle its
current obligations. For the year ended December 31
 2017
 we incurred a
substantial loss of $78
305
354. As of December 31
 2017
 we had a working
capital deficit of approximately $53
517
412. These conditions raise substantial
doubt as to whether we may continue as a going concern. However
 subsequent to
December 31
 2017
 we closed a private placement transaction in which we issued
7
500
000 shares of common stock for $1.275 million as consideration. Management
has designated the funds for use in general corporate purposes. 

requirements. In the past
 our primary sources of financing have been cash
generated from operations and short-term loans from banks in China. In addition
we obtained long term loans
 private placement financing and convertible
promissory notes. 

 2017
 the balance of our short-term loans
was approximately $23.8 million
 all of which have been in default and have not
been repaid. Such loans are generally secured by our fixed assets
 receivables
and/or guarantees by third parties. We are in negotiations to renew these loans
or modify the repayment terms. If we fail to satisfy our creditors&#146; demands
 our
creditors may apply for enforcement to sell our encumbered assets
 which would
result in a material adverse effect on our operations. 

and $15.4 that were issued by Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd. and Daiwa SSC
Securities Co. Ltd.
 respectively
 and negotiating with the debenture holders to
extend repayment terms. If we fail to repay
 a third party guarantor would be
required to repay these the debenture holders. However
 the outcome of any
discussions among the parties is unknown and our operations may be adversely
impacted if such obligations are not repaid. 

 2017 and 2016
 cash and cash equivalents
(including restricted cash) were $0.09 million and $0.4 million
 respectively.
The debt to assets ratio was 113.3% and 55.4% as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
respectively. We expect to continue to finance our operations and working
capital needs in 2018 from cash generated from private financings. As such
 we
are in discussions regarding potential financing and acquisition transactions.
If available liquidity is not sufficient to meet our operating and loan
obligations as they come due
 our plans include pursuing alternative financing
arrangements or reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash
requirements. However
 there is no assurance that we will be able to raise
additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide liquidity
 if
needed. We cannot be sure of the availability or terms of any alternative
financing arrangements.

cash flow for all financial statement periods presented in this report.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
For year
      ended December 31




    
    
    
    
    
    







    







  



    
    
    
    


    





    














 the decrease in advance to suppliers of approximately $29  million and in accounts and other payables of approximately $1.6 million in  2017.


 respectively
  with the decrease of approximately $8.1 million cash provided in investing  activities primarily from a decrease in restricted cash of $6.1 million and  payment of construction in progress
 the purchase of land use rights and the  purchase of intangible assets all for $0 million in 2017.


 respectively
 with the decrease of $3.8 million cash provided by  financing activities from proceeds from bank borrowings and debentures for  approximately $0.8 million in 2017. 


 2017 and 2016
 we carried $23.8 million and
$22.7 million short term bank loans from foreign and Chinese domestic banks. In
2017
 the repayment of bank borrowing was $30
242 and $23.8 million was in
default. 


United States generally accepted accounting principles requires our management
to make assumptions
 estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in
the financial statements
 including the notes thereto
 and related disclosures
of commitments and contingencies
 if any. We consider our critical accounting
policies to be those that require the more significant judgments and estimates
in the preparation of financial statements
 including the following:
 We maintains its general ledger
and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting
purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management.
Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America and have been consistently
applied in the presentation of financial statements
 which are compiled on the
accrual basis of accounting.
The preparation of the financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.
Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the
time the estimates are made; however
 actual results could differ materially
from those estimates.

accounts such as accounts receivable
 inventory
 fixed assets
 and intangible
assets. We use estimates to account for the related bad debt allowance
inventory impairment charges
 depreciation and amortization of our assets. In
the food processing industry
 these accounts have a significant impact on the
valuation of our balance sheet and the results of our operations.
 The consolidated
financial statements are presented in US Dollars and include the accounts of the
Company and its commonly controlled entity. All significant inter-company
balances and transactions are eliminated in combination.





 2017
 the particulars of the commonly
controlled entities are as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
Attributable
      equity
    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    



































    





659






    
    
    
    
    
    
    

861

    





    




    





123






    
    
    
    
    
    
    

540

    





    




    





797






    
    
    
    
    
    
    

303

    





    




    









 the Company invested $2
100
000 in Athena/Minerve
Group whereby the Company controlling shareholder of Minerve. Minerve conducted
operations in manufacturing
 packaging and sales activities in France and import
and storage operations in Portugal. During the years ended December 31
 2015
the financial position and results of operations of Minerve were accounted for
as subsidiaries in the Company&#146;s financial statements; however
 during the year
ended December 31
 2016
 Minerve became insolvent and compelled into bankruptcy
by creditors
 and
 ultimately liquidation. Accordingly
 the Company lost control
of Minerve and written of the value of its investment in Minerve. All
receivables due by Minerve to subsidiaries still controlled by the Company have
been written off.

balances and transactions in preparing the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. Ownership interests of subsidiaries that the Company does not
wholly-own are accounted for as non-controlling interests.

 which is
a PRC state-owned entity
 holds 19.8% equity interest in Shandong Lorain.
 --
The Company annually reviews its long-lived assets for impairment or whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets
may not be recoverable. Impairment may be the result of becoming obsolete from a
change in the industry
 introduction of new technologies
 or if the Company has
inadequate working capital to utilize the long-lived assets to generate the
adequate profits. Impairment is present if the carrying amount of an asset is
less than its expected future undiscounted cash flows.

 the impairment to
be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the
assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are
reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.
The Company recognized impairment losses on certain long-lived assets during
2017. 
The Company recognizes revenue
when all the following criteria have been met: it has negotiated the terms of
the transaction with the customer which includes setting a fixed sales price
 it
has transferred of possession of the product to the customer
 the customer does
not have the right to return the product
 the customer is able to further sell
or transfer the product onto others for economic benefit without any other
obligation to be fulfilled by the Company
 and the Company is reasonably assured
that funds have been or will be collected from the customer. The Company&#146;s the
amount of revenue recognized to the books reflects the value of goods invoiced
net of any value-added tax (VAT) or excise tax. 


 including cash and
equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that approximate
their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &#147;Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures
&#148; requires disclosure of the fair value of
financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial
Instruments
&#148; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation
hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure
requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the
consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify
as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values
because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments
and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The
three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


      prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

    
    


      quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and
      inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or
      indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.
      

    
    


      unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.
  

both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &#147;Distinguishing Liabilities from
Equity
&#148; and ASC 815. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company did not
identify any assets and liabilities whose carrying amounts were required to be
adjusted in order to present them at fair value.


 the FASB issued guidance which simplifies the
accounting for goodwill impairment. The updated guidance eliminates Step 2 of
the impairment test
 which requires entities to calculate the implied fair value
of goodwill to measure a goodwill impairment charge. Instead
 entities will
record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit&#146;s carrying
amount over its fair value
 determined in Step 1. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact on the financial statements of this guidance. 

 the FASB amended the existing accounting
standards for business combinations. The amendments clarify the definition of a
business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with
evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or
disposals) of assets or businesses. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact on the financial statements of this guidance. 

 the FASB issued guidance
 which addresses the
presentation of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. The guidance
requires entities to show the changes in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
restricted cash
 and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows.
As a result
 entities will no longer present transfers between cash and cash
equivalents and restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement
of cash flows. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of
this guidance on the financial statements. 

 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the
existing accounting for Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory.
The guidance requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of
intra-entity transfers
 other than inventory
 when the transfer occurs The
Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on
the financial statements. 

 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the
existing accounting standards for the classification of certain cash receipts
and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The Company is currently
evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial
statements. 

 the FASB issued guidance
 which requires credit
losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at
the net amount expected to be collected
 not based on incurred losses. Further
credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities should be recorded through
an allowance for credit losses limited to the amount by which fair value is below amortized cost. The Company is
currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial
statements. 





 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the
  existing accounting standards for leases. Consistent with current guidance
 the
  recognition
 measurement
 and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising
  from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification. Under the
  new guidance
 a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for
  all leases with lease terms of more than twelve months. The Company is currently
  evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial
statements. 

 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the
existing accounting standards for the recognition and measurement of financial
assets and financial liabilities. The updated guidance primarily addresses
certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation
 and disclosure of
financial instruments. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the
impact of this guidance on the financial statements. 

 2017
 there are no other recently issued
accounting standards not yet adopted that would or could have a material effect
on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements.


ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT
MARKET RISK

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL
DATA

As of December 31
 2017 begins on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K.
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.




Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (&#147;Exchange Act&#148;))
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
Exchange Act reports is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC&#146;s rules and forms
 and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including to our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.

 our
management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures As of
December 31
 2017. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that As of December 31
 2017
 our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting described below.





Management&#146;s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting.

adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the
participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in Internal
Control&#151;Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation
 our management
concluded that
 As of December 31
 2017
 our internal controls over financial
reporting are not effective.

our management As of December 31
 2017 relates to the ability of the Company to
record transactions and provide disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We did
not have sufficient and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level
of experience in the application of U.S. GAAP commensurate with our financial
reporting requirements. For example
 our staff members do not hold licenses such
as Certified Public Accountant or Certified Management Accountant in the U.S.
have not attended U.S. institutions for training as accountants
 and have not
attended extended educational programs that would provide sufficient relevant
education relating to U.S. GAAP. Our staff will require substantial training to
meet the demands of a U.S. public company and our staff&#146;s understanding of the
requirements of U.S. GAAP-based reporting are inadequate.


accounting team. The training sessions will be organized to help our corporate
accounting team gain experience in U.S. GAAP reporting and to enhance their
awareness of new and emerging pronouncements with potential impact over our
financial reporting. We plan to continue to recruit experienced and professional
accounting and financial personnel and participate in educational seminars
tutorials
 and conferences and employ more qualified accounting staff in
future.
Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting.

 during the fiscal year ended
December 31
 2017
 there were no material changes in our internal control over
financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation performed
during the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control
over financial reporting.


provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that:

 in reasonable
detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our
assets;

recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with U.S. GAAP
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and

timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of our assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements.





 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer
 does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or
detect all misstatements. A control system
 no matter how well designed and
operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the
objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the
benefits of such controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of internal
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of
misstatements
 if any
 have been detected or prevented. Also
 projections of any
evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the
risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. 







ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE


 age and position of
each of our current directors as well as the date that each officer began their
service as a director.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    

 Chief Executive
      Officer
 
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
 Mr. Chen became our chief executive officer
and director in May 2007 upon the completion of our recapitalization
 and was
also appointed our president in September 2009. Mr. Chen founded Shandong
Lorain
 our first subsidiary
 in 1994
 and served as the chairman of our
subsidiaries since that time. Mr. Chen earned an associate degree from Linyi
Normal University. Mr. Chen has been our Company&#146;s founder and Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer since inception. He is the individual most familiar with
our business and industry
 including the regulatory structure and other
industry-specific matters
 as well as being most capable of effectively
identifying strategic priorities and leading the discussion and execution of
strategy.
. Mr. Jin became our chief strategy officer
and a director in November 2017. From 1995 to 2001
 Mr. Jin served as the
General Manager in Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
 and from 2001-2017
 Mr. Jin
served as the Managing Director of Shanghai Xiefeng Science and Technology
Investment Co.
 Ltd. Mr. Jin received his college diploma from Shanghai Shanda
College in 1993 and received his Bachelor of Finance degree from Shanghai
Television University in 1998. Mr. Jin obtained his MSBA degree from Madonna
University in 2001.
 Mr. Zhang was appointed as one of our
directors of the Board and as a member of the Audit Committee
 the Compensation
Committee
 and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee on November 8
2017. He has served as the president of Jiangsu Siyuan Port Co
 Ltd. from 2014
to 2016. From 2012 to 2014
 Mr. Zhang served as the president of Jiangsu Xinmin
Port Co.
 Ltd.
 and from 2008 to 2012
 Mr. Zhang served as the president of
Rugao Port Group. Mr. Zhang received his Bachelor of Chinese Language degree
from Huadong Normal University in 1991 and obtained his MSBA degree from Madonna
University in 1999. 
 Mr. Wei
 who has served as a member of
our board of directors since 2008
 is a retired government official who held
various positions in the government of Junan County
 Shandong Province
 China
from 1990 to 2003
 during which time Mr. Wei was responsible for overseeing the
agricultural development of Junan County in the Shandong Province of China. Most
recently
 from 1998 to 2003
 Mr. Wei was the Chairman of the Political
Conservative Conference of Junan County. Mr. Wei also served as the Deputy
Secretary of County Committee and Deputy Chairman of Junan County. Mr. Wei has
helped lead Junan County to win numerous honors
 including Top 100 National
Fruit Products County and National Chestnut Base County. Although retired
 Mr.
Wei&#146;s expertise and experience with the agricultural economy and resources in
the countryside is invaluable to our business.
 Hongxiang Yu
 age 37
 has served as
the head of the internal auditing department of Hongrun Construction Group Co.
Ltd.
 a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
 and as general manager
for Hongrun&#146;s foundation engineering subsidiary from August 2006. In September
2015
 Mr. Yu established and has been the Chairman of Shanghai Highlights Asset
Management Co.
 Ltd.
 a company engaged in assets management and private equity
investment in China. Since April 1
 2016
 Mr. Yu has also served as the Vice
Chairman of Tianjin Dragon Film Limited
 a company engaged in investment in film
industry including the both upstream and downstream chain of film production
business in China. Mr. Yu received his Bachelor degree in International Trade in
2004 from University of Portsmouth and his Master degree in International Human
Resources Management in 2006 from University of Portsmouth in U.K.





directors and any other person pursuant to which any director was selected to
serve as a director of our company. Directors are elected until their successors
are duly elected and qualified. There are no family relationships among our
directors or officers.


their discretion. The following table sets forth the name
 age and position of
each of our current executive officers as well as the date that each officer
began their service as an executive officer.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    

 Chief Executive
      Officer
    

    
    
    
    

    
    

      
    

Chen.
 Mr. Sun has been an accounting manager
of Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd. since 2014. From 2009 to 2014
 Mr. Yunqiang Sun
served as the Chief Financial officer of Shandong Quanrixing Food Co.
 Ltd. From
2007 to 2009
 he served as Account Manager of Shandong Linyi Kaijia Food Co.
Ltd. From 1992 to 2007
 he served as Chief Financial Officer of Shandong
Chunyuan Food Co.
 Ltd. Mr. Yunqiang holds a degree in Economics from Linyi
Trading College. There are no arrangements or understandings between any of our
executive officers and any other person pursuant to which any executive officer
was selected to serve as an executive officer of our company.


acted by unanimous written consent on two occasions. Each of the members of
our board attended more than 75% of the total number of meetings held by our
board and the committees on which each director served during fiscal year 2017.




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


 auditing
 and financial reporting
      processes; 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      
  
    
    
    

    
    


      compliance with accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations;
      and 
  
    
    
    

    
    


      independence of our independent auditors. 

 Hongxiang Yu
 and Maoquan Wei
 all of whom are
independent directors under SEC rules and the rules of NYSE American
 are currently
serving as members of the Audit Committee. Mr. Yu is the chairman of the Audit
Committee and is our audit committee financial expert.

 a copy of
which is available on our website on the Corporate Governance page under the
Investor link at http://www.usalr.cn/
 and a printed copy of which is available
to any shareholder requesting a copy by writing to: American Lorain Corporation
c/o Board of Director Office
 Beihuan Zhong Road
 Junan County
 Shandong
People&#146;s Republic of China
 276600. During the fiscal year 2017
 our Audit
Committee held two meetings. 







discharging its responsibilities with respect to compensation of our executive
officers and directors;

performance of our executive officers; 

in developing succession plans for executive officers; and

stock and incentive compensation plans and recommend changes in such plans to
our board as needed.

Zhang
 Yu and Wei. Mr. Zhang is the chairman of the Compensation Committee. All
current members of the Compensation Committee are independent directors
 and all
past members were independent directors at all times during their service on
such Committee. None of the past or present members of our Compensation
Committee are present or past employees or officers of the Company or any of our
subsidiaries. No member of the Compensation Committee has had any relationship
with us requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. None of our
executive officers serves on the board of directors or compensation committee of
a company that has an executive officer that serves on our Board of Directors or
Compensation Committee.

responsibilities to another committee
 individual director or member of
management.

special meetings as needed. The Compensation Committee meetings may be called by
the Committee chairman
 the Chairman of the Board of Directors or a majority of
Committee members. The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer also
provide recommendations to the Compensation Committee relating to compensation
of other executive officers. The Compensation Committee held two&nbsp;meetings in
fiscal year 2017.


Directors in identifying individuals qualified to become our directors and in
determining the composition of the Board of Directors and its committees. The
Nominating and Corporate Governance is responsible for
 among other things: 

recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect to the size and
composition of the Board of Directors;

to the Board of Directors on the minimum qualifications and standards for
director nominees and the selection criteria for the Board members;

qualifications of potential candidates for the Board of Directors;

recommendations to the Board of Directors on nominees to be elected at the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders; and

a qualified director nominee
 in the event that a director vacancy occurs
 to be
recommended to the Board of Directors for either appointment by the Board of
Directors to serve the remainder of the term of a director position that is
vacant or election at the Annual Meeting of the Stockholders.





are Messrs. Zhang
 Yu and Wei. Mr. Wei is the chairman of the Compensation
Committee.

 our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee held two meetings. 


writing to American Lorain Corporation
 c/o Board of Director Office
 Beihuan
Zhong Road
 Junan County
 Shandong
 People&#146;s Republic of China
 276600. Any such
proposal shall contain the name
 holdings of our securities and contact
information of the person making the nomination; the candidate&#146;s name
 address
and other contact information; any direct or indirect holdings of our securities
by the nominee; any information required to be disclosed about directors under
applicable securities laws and/or stock exchange requirements; information
regarding related party transactions with our company and/or the stockholder
submitting the nomination; any actual or potential conflicts of interest; the
nominee&#146;s biographical data
 current public and private company affiliations
employment history and qualifications and status as independent under
applicable securities laws and stock exchange requirements. Nominees proposed by
stockholders will receive the same consideration as other nominees.
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation

 or in the past year has
served
 as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any
entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors.
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance


officers
 directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our common
stock to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 which we also refer to throughout
this report as the SEC. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms
furnished to us and written representations from our executive officers
directors and such beneficial owners
 we believe that all filing requirements of
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act were timely complied with during the fiscal
year ended December 31
 2017.


directors
 executive officers
 including our principal executive officer
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer
 and employees. The
Code of Ethics addresses
 among other things
 honesty and ethical conduct
conflicts of interest
 compliance with laws
 regulations and policies
 including
disclosure requirements under the federal securities laws
 confidentiality
trading on inside information
 and reporting of violations of the code. The Code
of Ethics is available on the Corporate Governance page of our website under the
Investor link at http://www.usalr.cn/
 and a copy of the Code of Ethics is
available to any shareholder requesting a copy by writing to: American Lorain
Corporation
 c/o Board of Director Office
 Beihuan Zhong Road
 Junan County
Shandong
 China 276600. We intend to disclose on our website
 in accordance with
all applicable laws and regulations
 amendments to
 or waivers from
 our Code of
Ethics.



of compensation earned by our named executive officers during the fiscal years
ended December 31
 2016 and 2017 for services provided to us and our
subsidiaries. None of our current executive officers earned compensation that
exceeded $100
000 during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2016 or 2017.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


  



    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  



    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





 we paid Mr. Chen a
base salary of $66
000 in cash during fiscal years ended December 31
 2017 and
2016. Mr. Chen&#146;s employment agreement does not provide any change in control or
severance benefits and we do not have any separate change-in-control agreements
with Mr. Chen or any of our other executive officers.

 we are obligated to
pay Mr. Sun a base salary of RMB 15
000 per month ($2
258 at then current
exchange rate).

 2017
 the Board appointed Yimin Jin as a member
of the Board and the Chief strategic officer. Pursuant to Mr. Jin&#146;s engagement
letter
 we are obligated to pay Mr. Jin a compensation of $16
154 per year. 

 2017
 the Board of the Company received a
resignation letter from Yundong Lu
 the Chief Operating Office (the &#147;COO&#148;) and a
member of the Board
 effective immediately.
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

ownership of our common stock as of April 6
 2018 (i) by each person who is
known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) by each
of our named executive officers and directors and (iii) by all of our officers
and directors as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with
the rules of the SEC that deem shares to be beneficially owned by any person who
has voting or investment power with respect to such shares. Except as otherwise
indicated
 the persons listed below have advised us that they have direct sole
voting and investment power with respect to the shares listed as owned by
them.

 the address of each of the persons
set forth below is c/o American Lorain Corporation
 Beihuan Zhong Road
 Junan
County
 Shandong
 China 276600.

 percentage ownership is based on 45
759
490
shares of our common stock outstanding as of April 6
 2017.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Name and title of beneficial
      owner
    
beneficial
      ownership
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Chairman
 CEO
      and President 



978





    




      Entwicklungsgesellshaft mbH 
    

794

    
    
    
    


      



183





    



    
    

750

    
    
    
    

    



750





    





    
    
    
    
    
    





    




    





    
    
    
    
    
    


      Director


    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    





    

979

    
    
    








style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

794
066 shares of common stock that has been pledged
      under the Share Pledge Agreement
 dated October 19
 2010
 for the benefit
      of DEG-Deutsche Investitions- und Entwicklungsgesellshaft mbH (&#147;DEG&#148;) in
      order to secure the obligations of the Company and its subsidiary Junan
      Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. under a Loan Agreement
 dated May 31
 2010
      among the Company
 DEG and Mr. Si Chen (the &#147;Loan Agreement&#148;) transferred
      to DEG on September 7
 2016 by DEG notifying the Agent under the Pledge
      Agreement that the Company was in default under the Loan
  Agreement.
  
    
    

 2016
 DEG acquired beneficial ownership
      of 10
794
066 shares of Common Stock upon foreclosure of the pledge from
      Mr. Si Chen.
  
    
    

      in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 18
 2014. The address
      of Tongley Investment Ltd. is P.O. Box 957
 Offshore Incorporations
      Centre
 Road Town
 Tortola
 British Virgin Islands
  
    
    

 2017
 we entered into a securities
      purchase agreement
 pursuant to which Yi Li and Beili Zhu
 each an
      individual residing in the People&#146;s Republic of China
 agreed to invest an
      aggregate of $1.275 million in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of
      7
500
000 shares of our common stock
 representing a purchase price of
      $0.17 per Share. The transaction closed on January 23
 2018.
  
    
    

 2016
 the Board appointed Hongxiang Yu as a
      member of the Board
 the Chairman of the Corporate Governance and
      Nominating Committee
 a member of the Audit Committee and the Compensation
      Committee of the Board
 to serve until him successor has been duly elected
      and qualified.



ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


 dated October 19
 2010
(the &#147;Share Pledge Agreement&#148;)
 the Mr. Si Chen
 our chief executive officer and
chairman
 has pledged 5
313
574 shares of Common Stock (the &#147;Pledged Shares&#148;)
for the benefit of DEG-Deutsche Investitions- und Entwicklungsgesellshaft mbH
(&#147;DEG&#148;) in order to secure the obligations of the Company and its subsidiary
Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. (&#147;Junan Hongrun&#148;) under a Loan Agreement
dated May 31
 2010
 among the Company
 DEG and Mr. Si Chen (the &#147;Loan
Agreement&#148;). In the event that the value of the pledged assets is less than 150%
of the amounts made available to the Junan Hongrun under the Loan Agreement
 DEG
has the right to require additional security in the form of fixed assets or
shares under the Loan Agreement and Share Pledge Agreement. Pursuant to a letter
agreement
 dated November 15
 2012
 Mr. Si Chen has pledged an additional
5
480
492 shares of Common Stock to DEG under the Pledge Agreement in order to
secure the obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement. The total
number of shares pledged under the Pledge Agreement is now 10
794
066 shares of
Common Stock. For so long as no event of default under the Loan Agreement has
occurred
 Mr. Si Chen continues to retain all voting rights with respect to the
Pledged Shares.

 2014
 Mr. Si Chen
 our chief executive officer and
chairman
 provided a personal guaranty of the March 13
 2014 Convertible
Promissory Note issued by the Company to an investor in the principal amount of
$3.5 million.

 2016
 DEG acquired beneficial ownership of
10
794
066 shares of Common Stock upon foreclosure of the pledge from Mr. Si
Chen. Such shares constitute approximately 28.2% of the total number of shares
of Common Stock of the Issuer outstanding as of September 30
 2015.
Policy for Approval of Related Party
Transactions

transactions required to be disclosed under SEC rules are to be reviewed by the
Audit Committee.


board of directors be independent. An &#147;independent director&#148; is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its
subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion
of the company&#146;s board of directors
 would interfere with the director&#146;s
exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a
director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Zhei
 Wang and Yu
are &#147;independent directors&#148; as defined in the NYSE American listing standards
and applicable SEC rules. 






 P.C. is the Company&#146;s independent registered public
accounting firm for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2016 and 2017 and the
accounting fees in each such period were $170
000. Such fees related to audit
services provided by WWC
 P.C. No audit-related or tax services were provided by
WWC
 P.C. during such periods.





ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 


Statements&#148; beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

      

    

      
  
    

      



    



 as filed
      with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 15
 2009
 Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant&#146;s registration statement on
      Form S-3 filed on January 29
 2010.
  
    

      


    



 Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant&#146;s registration statement on Form S-3 filed
      on January 29
 2010. 
  
    

      



    



 2014 by and
      between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Intiraimi. Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K
      filed on February 13
 2014. 
  
    

      



    



      2014 by and between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Biobranco II.
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant&#146;s current
      report on Form 8-K filed on February 13
 2014. 
  
    

      



    



      Incorporated by reference from Appendix A to the Company&#146;s Definitive
      Schedule 14A filed on April 30
 2014. &#134; 
  
    

      



    

Small and Medium Size Enterprise Private Placement Notes
      Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and
      Haitong Securities
 Inc. dated August 28
 2013 Incorporated by reference
      to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
      2015.  
  
    

      



    

Small and Medium Size Enterprise Private Placement Notes
      Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and
      Everbright Securities Assets Management Co.
 Ltd. dated August 28
 2013
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A
      filed on February 23
 2015.   
  
    

      



    

Small and Medium Size Enterprise Private Placement Notes
      Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and SWS MU
      Fund Management Co.
 Ltd. dated August 28
 2013 Incorporated by reference
      to Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
      2015.    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    

Small and Medium Size Enterprise Private Placement Notes
      Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and
      Essence Securities
 Inc. dated August 28
 2013 Incorporated by reference
      to Exhibit 10.11 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
      2015.     
  
    

      


    

Small and Medium Size Enterprise Private Placement Notes
      Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and
      Guoyuan Securities
 Inc. dated August 28
 2013 Incorporated by reference
      to Exhibit 10.12 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
      2015.   
  
    

      


    

Small and Medium Size Enterprise Private Placement Notes
      Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
      and Harfor Fund Management Co.
 Ltd. dated October 18
 2013 Incorporated
      by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on
      February 23
 2015.     
  
    

      


    

Small and Medium Size Enterprise Private Placement Notes
      Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
      and Opple Lighting Corporation. dated November 6
 2013 Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on
      February 23
 2015.  
  
    

      


    



 adopted on
      April 30
 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the
      registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 9
 2007. 
  
    
    


    



      reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 10-K
      filed on April 14
 2016. 
  
    
    

    

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    * 
  
    
    

    

Certification of Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to
    Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 * 
  
    
    

    

Certification of Chief Financial Officer
 pursuant to
    Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 * 
  
    
    

    

Certification of Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to 18
      U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ** 
  
    
    

    

Certification of Chief Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18
      U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ** 
  
    
    

    

      
  
    
    

    

      
  
    
    

    

XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase*
    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


    
XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase*
    
  
    
    

    
XBRL Definition Linkbase
      Document* 
  
    
    

    
XBRL Definition Linkbase
      Document* 






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    
Management contract
 compensatory plan or
      arrangement.

















Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
    



    

    

 Chief Executive Officer


1934
 this annual report has been signed by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



      &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
      &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
      &nbsp; &nbsp;





    



 2018 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    

 2018 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    

    
    

 2018 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    



    

 2018 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    



    

 2018 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    



    

 2018 

    
    
    




Audited Consolidated Financial
Statements 
 2017 and 2016 




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  
    
    

Report of Independent
      Registered Public Accounting Firm 
F-3
  
  
    
    

Consolidated Balance
      Sheets 
F-4
  
  
    
    

Consolidated Statements
      of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
F-5
  
  
    
    

Consolidated Statements
      of Stockholders&#146; Equity 
F-6
  
  
    
    

Consolidated Statements
      of Cash Flows 
F-7
  
  
    
    

Notes to
      Financial Statements 
F-8
      to F-23 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
American Lorain Corporation 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm



American Lorain Corporation (the Company) as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and
the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss
stockholders&#146; equity/(deficit)
 and cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended December 31
 2017
 and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion
 the financial
statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of
the Company as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December
31
 2017
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America.

assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements
 the Company had incurred substantial losses
during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and has a working capital
deficit
 which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. Management&#146;s plans regarding these matters are described in Note 3.
These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty.


Company&#146;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company&#146;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or
fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



 P.C. 

    

    


 California 


 2018 
  
    

    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

As of December 31
 2017 and 2016


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




    




    

    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    



    



    
    

253

    

    
    

593

    
    

840

    



    


129

    
    

873

    

    
    

612

    
    


    








    




745

    

    




941

    




819

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    



    

663

    
    

897

    



    


167

    
    

586

    



    


    
    


    








    




362

    

    




488

    




253

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    

773

    
    

667

    



    


511

    
    

948

    

    
    

074

    
    

007

    

    
    


150

    
    

514

    

    
    


    
    


    



    


317

    
    

611

    

    
    


    
    

347

    







610

    




811

    

    
    

279

    
    

972

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

279

    
    

157

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 $0.001 par
      value
 5
000
000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and 
      December 31

    


    
    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000
      shares authorized; 38
274
490 shares issued and 
      December 31

    


    
    


    

    
    


852

    
    

852

    

    
    

103

    
    

103

    

    
    


628

    
    

396

    

    




588

    




171

    

    
    


045

    
    

768

    

    




745

    




327

    

    
    


791

    
    

096

    
  
    




    




    

    




488

    




253









style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
      Loss

For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
  

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  





    vAlign=bottom noWrap align=center width=27% bgColor=#ffffff



  
    





    








    




109

    




666

    

    




464

    




164

    









    
    


501

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    
    


    








    
    


125

    







566

    




797

    

    




998

    
    


922

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




353

    




420

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    
    


    

    




    
    


231

    

    




    
    



    

    




076

    
    


569

    

    





    
    



    

    




500

    




911

    

    




837

    




853

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







190

    
    


274

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








    
    


898

    
  
    




    




    







352

    




173

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    
    


    







953

    
    


733

    







    





    



      operations





953

    
    


187

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


305

    
    


361

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    
    


    

    




232

    
    


973

    







073

    
    



    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







    
    


    







417

    




911

    

    




887

    




449

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







274

    
    


264









style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146;
      Equity/(Deficiency)

For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
  

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


      January 1


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid
    vAlign=bottom align=right width=7% bgColor=#e6efff

259


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid







    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





842


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





660


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





019


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





259


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





715


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





536


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    

    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





361


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





361


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid







    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid







    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid







    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid







    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid







    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid







    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





911


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





911


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



      December 31


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid
    vAlign=bottom align=right width=7% bgColor=#e6efff

274


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid







    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





852


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





103


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





396


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





171


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





327


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





096


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid

  
    

    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



      January 1


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid
    vAlign=bottom align=right width=7% bgColor=#e6efff

274


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid







    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





852


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





103


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





396


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





171


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





327


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





096


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    

    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





305


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





305


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





073


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





073


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 0px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





417


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





417


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid
    vAlign=bottom align=left width=2%



 December 31


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



274


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid







    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





852


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





103


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





628


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





588


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





745


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





791


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
  

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


352

    
    


173

    

    
    
    
    
    

207

    


    
    
    
    
    

184

    


    
    
    
    
    

383

    



 other receivables
 advances to
    suppliers

    
    
    
    

590

    


    
    

567

    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

453

    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    

850

    
    

934

    

    
    


    
    


    



    


    
    

996

    


    
    

009

    
    

156

    




    

986

    
    

848

    

    
    


    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    


    



    

554

    
    

681

    



    


    
    

209

    

    





    




176

    








    




785

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

020

    
    

103

    



    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    

944

    

    





    




    








    




906

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    



    


    
    

122

    

    




    





    







    &nbsp;(753

    




043

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    


    
    

836

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    


    
    

120

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    





    




142

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    





    





    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    

160

    
    

137

    

    
    


    
    

408

    






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
Organization and Principal
  Activities

&#147;Company&#148; or &#147;ALN&#148;) is registered as a corporation in the state of Nevada. The
Company conducts its primary business activities through its subsidiaries
located in the People&#146;s Republic of China. Those subsidiaries develop
manufacture
 and market convenience foods
 chestnut products
 and frozen foods;
these products are sold to both domestic markets and international markets. 

Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. (&#147;Shenzhen Lorain&#148;)
 a limited company formed
under the laws of the People&#146;s Republic of China
 on December 11
 2017. Shenzhen
Lorain is a variable interest entity (the &#147;VIE entity&#148;)
 which entered in to a
series of agreements with Shandong Greenpia in December 2017.

 2017
 the
Company entered into a private placement where it issued 7
500
000 new shares of
its common stock for $1.275 million as consideration. Management has designated
the funds for use in general corporate purposes.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
Summary of Significant Accounting
  Policies


accompanying financial statements and these notes in accordance to generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America; the Company
maintains its general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting.



statements include the assets
 liabilities
 and results of operations of the
Company
 and its subsidiaries
 which are listed below: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    

659
135  

    


    
    

861
741 

    


    
    

123
985

    


    
    

540
666 

    


    
    

797
774 

    


    
    

303
063 

    


    
    

939  

    


    
    





 the Company invested
$2
100
000 in Athena/Minerve Group whereby the Company controlling shareholder
of Minerve. Minerve conducted operations in manufacturing
 packaging and sales
activities in France and import and storage operations in Portugal. During the
years ended December 31
 2015
 the financial position and results of operations
of Minerve were accounted for as subsidiaries in the Company&#146;s financial
statements; however
 during the year ended December 31
 2016
 Minerve became
insolvent and was compelled by its creditors into bankruptcy
 and
 ultimately
liquidation. Accordingly
 the Company lost control of Minerve and recognized a
complete write off its investment in Minerve. Balances owed by Minerve to other
subsidiaries of the Company have been written off. 

significant inter-company balances and transactions in preparing the
accompanying consolidated financial statements. Ownership interests of
subsidiaries that the Company does not wholly-own are accounted for as
non-controlling interests. 

Investment Corporation
 which is a PRC state-owned entity
 holds 19.8% equity
interest in Shandong Lorain. 
Consolidation of Variable Interest
Entity

equity to finance their activities without additional financial support from
other parties or whose equity holders lack adequate decision-making ability. Any
VIE with which the Company is involved must be evaluated to determine the
primary beneficiary of the risks and rewards of the VIE. Management makes
ongoing reassessments of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of
Shenzhen Lorain.

 2017
 the Company
formed Shenzhen Lorain as a limited company under the laws of the PRC. Through
Shandong Greenpia
 the Company entered into exclusive arrangements with Shenzhen
Lorain and its shareholders that give the Company the ability to substantially
influence Shenzhen Lorain&#146;s daily operations and financial affairs and appoint
its senior executives. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of
Shenzhen Lorain and it consolidates its accounts as a VIE. The Company&#146;s
arrangements with Shenzhen Lorain consist of the following agreements:

  
    
    

 dated December 14
 2017.
    Under this agreement entered into between Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
    Ltd. and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.


  
    
    
    

  
    
    

 dated December 14
 2017.
    Under this agreement entered into between Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
    Ltd. and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.


  
    
    
    

  
    
    

 dated December 14
 2017. Under this
    agreement entered into between Mingyue Cai
 Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
    Ltd.
 and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.


  
    
    
    

  
    
    

 dated December 14
 2017. Under this
    agreement entered into between Mingyue Cai
 Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
    Ltd.
 and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.


  
    
    
    

  
    
    

    December 14
 2017. Under this agreement entered into between Mingyue Cai
    Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.





statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these
estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are
made; however
 actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less
 and
unencumbered bank deposits to be cash equivalents.


holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading
securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in
the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified
as available-for-sale. 

securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on
trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and
losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are
excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other
comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of
available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.


available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary
results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is
charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a
new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment
is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and
intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers
whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs
evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the
reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes
in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.



carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible
amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full
amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off against allowances. 


and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished
goods costs include: materials
 direct labor
 inbound shipping costs
 and
allocated overhead. The Company applies the weighted average cost method to its
inventory. 
Advances and prepayments to
suppliers 

suppliers and vendors for the procurement of raw materials. Upon physical
receipt and inspection of the raw materials from suppliers the applicable amount
is reclassified from advances and prepayments to suppliers to inventory.


less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated
useful lives
 using the straight-line method. The Company&#146;s typically applies a
salvage value of 0% to 10%. The estimated useful lives of the plant and
equipment are as follows: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    





    

    
    

    
    

    

  





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the
accounts
 and any gain or loss are included in the Company&#146;s results of
operations. The costs of maintenance and repairs are recognized to expenses as
incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.
Construction in progress and
prepayments for equipment 

prepayments for equipment represent direct and indirect acquisition and
construction costs for plants
 and costs of acquisition and installation of
related equipment. Amounts classified as construction in progress and
prepayments for equipment are transferred to plant and equipment when
substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their
intended use are completed. Depreciation is not provided for assets classified
in this account.


amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is
provided using the straight-line method over 40-50 years. 


purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired in a
business combination. The Company conducts an annual assessment of its goodwill
for impairment. If the carrying value of its goodwill exceeds its fair value
then impairment has incurred; accordingly
 a charge to the Company&#146;s results of
operations will be recognized during the period. Fair value is generally
determined using a discounted expected future cash flow analysis. 
Accounting for the impairment of
long-lived assets 

long-lived assets for impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. Impairment
may be the result of becoming obsolete from a change in the industry
introduction of new technologies
 or if the Company has inadequate working
capital to utilize the long-lived assets to generate the adequate profits.
Impairment is present if the carrying amount of an asset is less than its
expected future undiscounted cash flows. 

 a
loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the
fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed are reported at the lower
of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. 


amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are
to be used to expand production or operations. PRC laws prescribe that an
enterprise operating at a profit must appropriate and reserve
 on an annual
basis
 an amount equal to 10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary
until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to 50% of the enterprise&#146;s PRC
registered capital. 
Foreign currency translation


are presented in United States dollars. The functional currencies of the Company
are the Renminbi (RMB) and the Euro (EUR). The Company&#146;s assets and liabilities
are translated into United States dollars from RMB and EUR at year-end exchange
rates
 and its revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate
during the period. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange
rates when the capital transactions occurred. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
    



    
    

    
    
    



    
    

    
    







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

foreign currencies and all foreign exchange transactions must be conducted
through authorized financial institutions. 


the following criteria have been met: it has negotiated the terms of the
transaction with the customer which includes setting a fixed sales price
 it has
transferred of possession of the product to the customer
 the customer does not
have the right to return the product
 the customer is able to further sell or
transfer the product onto others for economic benefit without any other
obligation to be fulfilled by the Company
 and the Company is reasonably assured
that funds have been or will be collected from the customer. The Company&#146;s the
amount of revenue recognized to the books reflects the value of goods invoiced
net of any value-added tax (VAT) or excise tax.


incurred.


costs are expensed as incurred.


expensed as incurred.


mandatory government sponsored defined contribution plans are charged to the




using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax
benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes
are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for
deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire
before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization
is uncertain. 


&#147;Reporting Comprehensive Income&#148;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net
income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&#146; equity
 except the
changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments
by stockholders. 


(&#147;EPS&#148;) in accordance with ASC Topic 260
 &#147;Earnings per share&#148;. Basic EPS is
measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the
weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS presents
the dilutive effect on a per share basis from the potential conversion of
convertible securities or the exercise of options and or warrants; the dilutive
effects of potentially convertible securities are calculated using the as-if
method; the potentially dilutive effect of options or warrants are calculated
using the treasury stock method. Securities that are potentially an
anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those that increase income per share or decrease loss
per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and
other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts
that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
&#147;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#148; requires disclosure of the fair value
of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial
Instruments
&#148; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation
hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure
requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the
consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify
as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values
because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments
and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The
three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

      used quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
    

    
    


      quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and
      inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or
      indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.
      

    
    

      are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.
  

instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
&#147;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&#148; and ASC 815. 
Commitments and contingencies


arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other
sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and
the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. 
Recent accounting pronouncements


 the FASB issued
guidance which simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment. The updated
guidance eliminates Step 2 of the impairment test
 which requires entities to
calculate the implied fair value of goodwill to measure a goodwill impairment
charge. Instead
 entities will record an impairment charge based on the excess
of a reporting unit&#146;s carrying amount over its fair value
 determined in Step 1.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements of
this guidance. 

 the FASB amended the
existing accounting standards for business combinations. The amendments clarify
the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist
entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as
acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact on the financial statements of this guidance. 

 the FASB issued
guidance
 which addresses the presentation of restricted cash in the statement
of cash flows. The guidance requires entities to show the changes in the total
of cash
 cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 and restricted cash equivalents in
the statement of cash flows. As a result
 entities will no longer present
transfers between cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted
cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The Company is currently
evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial
statements. 

 the FASB issued
guidance
 which amends the existing accounting for Intra-Entity Transfers of
Assets Other Than Inventory. The guidance requires an entity to recognize the
income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers
 other than inventory
 when
the transfer occurs The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the
impact of this guidance on the financial statements. 

 the FASB issued
guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for the classification
of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The
Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on
the financial statements. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

 the FASB issued guidance
which requires credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost
basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected
 not based on
incurred losses. Further
 credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities
should be recorded through an allowance for credit losses limited to the amount
by which fair value is below amortized cost. The Company is currently evaluating
the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements. 

 the FASB issued
guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for leases. Consistent
with current guidance
 the recognition
 measurement
 and presentation of
expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend
on its classification. Under the new guidance
 a lessee will be required to
recognize assets and liabilities for all leases with lease terms of more than
twelve months. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of
this guidance on the financial statements. 

 the FASB issued
guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for the recognition and
measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities. The updated guidance
primarily addresses certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation
and disclosure of financial instruments. The Company is currently evaluating the
timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

have been prepared on a going-concern basis. The going-concern basis assumes
that assets will be realized
 and liabilities will be settled in the ordinary
course of business in the amounts disclosed in the financial statements. The
Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is greatly dependent on the
Company&#146;s ability to realize its non-cash current assets such as receivables and
inventory into cash in order to settle its current obligations. For the years
ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company incurred substantial losses of
$78
305
354 and $136
361
080. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had
working capital deficits of $62
996
661 and $15
152
702. These conditions raise
substantial doubt as to whether the Company may continue as a going concern.
There was substantial doubt regarding the Company&#146;s ability to continue as going
concern at December 31
 2016
 during the years its results of operations did not
improve
 and the Company did not raise additional capital; however
 subsequent
to December 31
 2017
 the Company entered into a private placement where it
issued 7
500
000 new shares of its common stock for $1.275 million as
consideration. Management has designated the funds for use in general corporate
purposes. 

 the Company is
working to obtain new working capital through private placements of its common
stock or convertible debt securities to qualified investors. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

bearing deposits placed with banks to secure banking facilities in the form of
loans and notes payable. The funds are restricted from immediate use and are
designated for settlement of loans or notes when they become due. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

to 60 days to the majority of its domestic customers
 which include third-party
distributors
 supermarkets and wholesalers; international customers are
typically extended 90 days credit. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    




    

    
    
    


534

    
    

948
880

    

    
Allowance for






    





    

    
    





    




253

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    

901

    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    




    




206

    

    
    





    












style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

Notes to Financial Statements


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

846
507

    
    
    
    

    
    




746

    




840

    

    
    




593

    




840




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

004

    
    

866

    

    


    

096

    
    

917

    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    







    





    

    
    
    

696

    
    

356

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
: Accumulated depreciation





032

    




459

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




663

    




897

    

ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 was $1
850
685 and $1
934
411
 respectively.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

366

    
    

208

    

    






    





    

    
    
    

366

    
    

252

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
: Accumulated amortization





198

    




666

    

    
    




167

    




586




China. Land use rights represent the Company&#146;s purchase of usage rights for a
parcel of land for a specified duration of time
 typically 50 years.
Amortization expense for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 were
$259
718 and $299
177
 respectively. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

 2015
 the Company
re-organized its French operations by merging the operations of Conserverie
Minerve into its immediate parent Athena
 and concurrently
 Athena wound up and
dissolved Conserverie Minerve. Athena subsequently changed its own legal name to
Conserverie Minerve and to continue its business. At the date of acquisition
the net liability of Conserverie Minerve was $3
255
911(EUR 2
968
089); the
purchase consideration paid for the Athena (aka Conserverie Minerve) was
$2
100
000. The acquisition of Athena and its then subsidiaries gave rise to
goodwill in the amount of $6
786
928. As of December 31
 2015
 the surviving
business entity
 Conserverie Minerve
 on a post merged basis
 recognized net
operating losses during the year ended December 31
2015. As of December 31
 2015
 the Company was unable to determine if the
Conserverie Minerve would be able to generate future profit and positive
operating cash flows to justify the carrying value of goodwill in the amount of
$6
786
928; accordingly
 the Company elected to write-off the goodwill that it
had recognized during its acquisition of Conserverie Minerve. Conserverie
Minerve had a goodwill of its own that had accumulated over the years as result
of its acquisition of subsidiaries; at December 31
 2015
 the outstanding
balance was $3
219
172. As mentioned in &#147;Note 2 - Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies-Principles of Consolidation&#148;
 Conserverie Minerve has been
liquidated and the Company no longer has any interest in Conserverie Minerve;
accordingly
 all remaining goodwill wriiten off during the year ended December
31
 2016. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

short-term bank loans for continuing operations consisted of the following: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from Industrial and
      Commercial Bank of China
 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

868

    
    

596

    

    


    

152

    
    

080

    

    


    

211

    
    

134

    

    


    

152

    
    

080

    

    


    

014

    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
      Linyi Branch 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

535

    
    

440

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from Agricultural
      Bank of China
 Luotian Branch 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

536

    
    

440

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

536

    
    

440

    

    


    


    
    


    

    


    


    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Bank of Ningbo
 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

229

    
    

152

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Hankou Bank
 Guanggu
      Branch
 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

391

    
    

347

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Postal Savings Bank of China
 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    


    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
China Construction Bank
      
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    


    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Huaxia Bank
 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

536

    
    

440

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
City of Linyi Commercial
      Bank
 Junan Branch
 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

535

    
    

438

    

    


    

073

    
    

880

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Hubei Jincai Credit and
      Financial Services Co. Ltd. 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    


    





    

    
    
    

773

    




667








style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

 which are
denominated in Renminbi and Euros
 were primarily obtained for general working
capital. If not otherwise specifically indicated above
 short-term bank loans
are guaranteed either by other companies within the group
 or by personnel in
senior management positions within the group. 

 2017
 all short-term
loans have been in default and have not been repaid. The Company is in
negotiations to renew these loans or modify the repayment terms and principal amount due.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
Current Portion &#150; Long Term
Debt

debentures
 and long-term debt for continuing operations consisted of the
following: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    




    

    
Debenture issued by 5
Guoyuan Securities Co.
      Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

517

    
    

921

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Debenture issued by 2 private placement
      holders underwritten by
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    

368

    
    

401

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loans from Deutsche
      Investitions-und Entwicklungsgesellschaft
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

875

    
    

875

    

    



    

875

    
    

875

    

    


    

875

    
    

875

    
  
    
    




    




    

    
    




511

    




948

    

with DEG in semi-annual installments on December 15
 2012. As of December 31
2017 and 2016
 the Company had not repaid any principal. The loan was
collateralized with the following terms: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

      USD $12
000
000 on the Company&#146;s land and building in favor of DEG. 

    
    

 by Mr. Si Chen (a major
      shareholder
 and Chairman and CEO of the Company) as the sponsor of the
      loan
 to secure approximately USD $12
000
000 of the loan. 

    
    


      indicated in the Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a)) and the value of the
      pledged shares by Mr. Si Chen (Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a))) should
      be at least USD 24
000
000 in aggregate. 

    
    

      substance satisfactory to DEG. 

DEG; accordingly
 on December 7
 2016
 DEG exercised its rights to foreclose on
10
794
066

debentures that were issued by Guoyuan Securities and Daiwa SSC Securities and
negotiating with the debenture holders to extend repayment terms. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

 2016
the Company issued 15
000 shares as stock compensation to employees. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

Notes to Financial Statements


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

operations are located in the PRC. The corporate income tax rate in the PRC is
25%.

reconciliation of the differences between the statutory and effective tax
expenses for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    


791

    
    


936

    

    
    





    





    

    
    




190

    




274

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    

898

    


    
    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    





    




898

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
Per Share Effect of Tax Exemption
      
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




274

    




264

    

    
    




    







statutory income tax rate and the Company&#146;s effective tax rate was as follows
for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    




    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    






    




    

    
    




    




    

 2017
 the United States
enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#147;Act&#148;) resulting in significant
modifications to existing law. The Company has considered the accounting impact
of the effects of the Act during the year ended December 31
 2017 including a
reduction in the corporate tax rate from 34% to 21% among other changes. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

loss per share were as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
7
      
    
    
6
      
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

232

    
    

973

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

232

    
    

973

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    


232

    
    


973




    






232

    




973

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

274

    
    

259

    

    
Additions from Actual
      Events




    





    

    
    




274

    




264

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Additions from Potential
      Events
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    






    




    

    






274

    




264

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

274

    
    

264








style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

2013
 the Company entered into three operating lease agreements leasing three
plots of land where greenhouses are maintained to grow seasonal crops. The
leases were signed by Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and they expire on April
25
 2033
 May 19
 2033
 and June 19
 2033.

these properties at December 31
 2017 are as follows: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    





    





    





    

    




141

    




376

    








the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2017 was $2
683
188.

these properties at December 31
 2016 are as follows: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    





    




019

    





    







215

    




465

    








the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2016 was $2
857
577.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

and equipment under leases classified as capital leases. For the year ended
December 31
 2015
 the Company entered into the following capital leases: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease
      agreement in the amount of RMB 1
057
571
 which was approximately USD
      166
447
 with Lessor A leasing: five production machines
 two packaging
      machine
 one assembly line
 and ten vending machines with an interest rate
      of 7% for a period of 36 months with an expiration date of June 30
 2018
      with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for
      RMB 1. 

    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease
      agreement in the amount of RMB 2
805
493
 which was approximately USD
      441
546
 with Lessor A leasing one hundred vending machines with an
      interest rate of 7% for a period of 36 months with an expiration date of
      June 30
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease
      expiration for RMB 1. 

    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital
      lease agreement in the amount of RMB 2
163
845
 which was approximately
      USD 340
539
 with Lessor B leasing eight production machines with an
      interest rate of 7% for a period of 30 months with an expiration date of
      February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the
      lease expiration for RMB 100. 

    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital
      lease agreement in the amount of RMB 530
439
 which was approximately USD
      83
484
 with Lessor B leasing four production machines with an interest
      rate of 7% for a period of 30 months with an expiration date of February
      25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease
      expiration for RMB 100. 

    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital
      lease agreement in the amount of RMB 777
228
 which was approximately USD
      122
325
 with Lessor B leasing one assembly line with an interest rate of
      7% for a period of 30 months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018
      with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for
      RMB 100. 

    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital
      lease agreement in the amount of RMB 1
647
563
 which was approximately
      USD 259
304
 with Lessor B leasing one freezing unit with an interest rate
      of 7% for a period of 30 months with an expiration date of February 25
      2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease
      expiration for RMB 100. 

future minimum lease payments under capital leases together with the present
value of the net minimum lease payments as of December 31
 2017: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

074
829




    
    
    
    

    







    
    

074

    

: Amount
      representing estimated executory costs (such as taxes
 maintenance
 and
      insurance)
 including profit thereon
 included in total minimum lease

    
    



    




074

    

: Amount





074




current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of $1
074
829 and
$0
 respectively. 

 2017
 the present
value of minimum lease payments due within one year is $1
074
829. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
Contingencies and
Litigation

the Linyi City Intermediate People&#146;s Court of Shandong Province
 which was
initially filed by Shandong Lorain
 a subsidiary of the Company
 against Junan
Hengji Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (Junan Hengji) in November 2013 at
Linyi City Intermediate People&#146;s Court of Shandong Province (the Linyi Court).
Shandong Lorain added Jiangsu Hengan Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd.
(Heng An Investment) as a co-defendant after the case was first filed at the
Linyi Court. 

 Shandong Lorain and
Junan Hengji entered into a cooperative development agreement (the Agreement)
and in March 2011
 Heng An Investment
 an affiliated company of Junan Hengji
also entered into the Agreement with Shandong Lorain to jointly develop the
project with Junan Hengji. Pursuant to the Agreement
 Junan Henji and Heng An
Investment are required to pay Shandong Lorain a total of RMB 20 million
(approximately $3
225
806) fixed return according to the development status of
the project developed by Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. In deciding to bring suit
 Shandong Lorain and
the Company evaluated the potential claims against Junan Hengji and Heng An
Investment
 disputes between the parties with respect to out-of-pocket expenses
paid by Junan Hengji
 as well as the litigation fee that is required to be paid
to the court based upon the amount claimed. Ultimately
 Shandong Lorain decided
to file the lawsuit with Linyi Court to claim a fixed return of RMB 10 million
(approximately $1
499
390). 

 the Linyi Court held
its first trial session. During the trial
 Heng An Investment filed a
counterclaim against Shandong Lorain for repayment of out-of-pocket expenses
which would offset the entire fixed return plus additional unpaid expenses of
RMB 4
746
927 (approximately $765
633). Shandong Lorain responded that Heng An
Investment does not have standing to file the counter-claim because the
out-of-pocket payments were made by Junan Hengji. In November 2014
 the court
held a second trial session and completed its discovery process. On March 21
2015
 Shandong Lorain received the Linyi Court&#146;s decision that rejected Shandong
Lorain&#146;s claim for RMB 10
000
000 against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment.
On April 3
 2015
 Shandong Lorain appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of
Shandong Province. 

 the Supreme Court of
Shandong Province vacated the decision of the Linyi Court and remanded the case
back to the Linyi Court for a retrial. The retrial took place on April 25
 2016
at the Linyi City Intermediate People&#146;s Court
 and the decision thereon is
currently pending. The Company is confident that Shandong Lorain will prevail on
retrial. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

following: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    




    

    
    
    
    
    
    

833
130

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

838

    

    


    

229

    
    

184

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

207

    

    
    





    




848

    

    
    




500

    




911




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

results of operations and the financial position of Shandong Lorain
 Dongguan
Lorain
 the Minerve Group as discontinued operations. Selected details regarding
those discontinued operations are provided below. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
For
31





    




    

    
    
    

050

    
    

178
846

    

    
    





    




629

    

    
    
    


    
    

548

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

829

    
    

576

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




071

    




705

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

953

    
    

733

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
  
    
    




    




    

    
    




953
252
    




187
947
    
  


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    




    

    
    
    

198

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    

505

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

578

    

    
    
    

127

    
    

284

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    





    





    

    
    




071

    




705





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
At
      December 31





    




    

    
    
    

550

    
    

745
847

    

    
    





    




362

    

    
    




686

    




108

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




610

    




811

    

    
    




    




    

    
    
    

610
994

    
    

811
908

    
  
    
    




    




    

    
    




924

    




296

    
  
    
    




    




    

    
Total Liabilities &amp;
      Net Assets




686

    




108





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

966

    

    
: Allowance for doubtful





    




    

    
    




    




966





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    




    

    
    
    
    
    
    

503

    

    
    




    




    

    






    




503





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

537

    
    

603

    

    


    

721

    
    

201

    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    







    





    

    


    

559

    
    

184

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Accumulated





559

    




566

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    






    




618








style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

Notes to Financial Statements



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

210

    
    

134

    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    





    





    

    
    
    

321

    
    

238

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
: Accumulated amortization






    





    

    
    





    





    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

banks located in the PRC. They do not carry federal deposit insurance and may be
subject to loss of the banks become insolvent. 

 the age
of account receivables has been less than one year indicating that the Company
is subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

rate risk when short term loans become due and require refinancing. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

in the PRC. Accordingly
 the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
 and
results of operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
and legal environments in the PRC. 

are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically
associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include
risks associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal
environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&#146;s results may be
adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC
and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations
anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances abroad
 and rates
and methods of taxation
 among other things. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

licenses required by the PRC government. The Company has both a water treatment
facility for water used in its production process and secure transportation to
remove waste off site. In the event of an accident
 the Company has purchased
insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local
environment. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      

levels. Historically inflation has not materially impacted the company&#146;s
financial statements; however
 significant increases in the price of raw
materials and labor that cannot be passed to the Company&#146;s customers could
adversely impact the Company&#146;s results of operations. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

 2017
 the Company entered into a securities
purchase agreement
 pursuant to which Yi Li and Beili Zhu
 each an individual
residing in the People&#146;s Republic of China
 agreed to invest an aggregate of
$1.275 million in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of 7
500
000 shares
of the Company&#146;s common stock
 representing a purchase price of $0.17 per share.
The transaction closed on January 23
 2018.















   









Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-160822) and Form S-3 (No.
333-164605
 No. 333-169815 and No. 333-205927) of American Lorain Corporation of
our report dated April 17
 2018 with respect to the consolidated financial
statements of American Lorain Corporation
 which report appears in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of American Lorain Corporation of the year ended December
31
 2017.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




 Professional Corporation
  




















   






  

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

 Si Chen
 certify that: 

American Lorain Corporation. 

 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  


 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  





 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

 whether or not
material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 





  
    
    
  
    
    

    



    


  
















   






  

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 Yunqiang Sun
 certify that:  


 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;  


 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  


 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and 

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 




  

 process
 summarize and report financial information; and  

 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 





  
    
    
  
    
    

    



    

    
















   





AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge:


 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 





  
    
    
  
    
    

    



    


  
















   





AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the date indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge:  


 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 





  
    
    
  
    
    

    



    

    






















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;1.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Organization and Principal Activities&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;American Lorain Corporation (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;ALN&amp;#8221;) is registered as a corporation in the state of Nevada. The Company conducts its primary business activities through its subsidiaries located in the People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China. Those subsidiaries develop
 manufacture
 and market convenience foods
 chestnut products
 and frozen foods; these products are sold to both domestic markets and international markets.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div style=margin-left: 5%; text-align: justify;&gt;
      &lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;
        &lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times,serif;&gt;The Company incorporated Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Shenzhen Lorain&amp;#8221;)
 a limited company formed under the laws of the People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China
 on December 11
 2017.&amp;#160; Shenzhen Lorain is a variable interest entity (the &amp;#8220;VIE entity&amp;#8221;)
 which entered in to a series of agreements with Shandong Greenpia in December 2017.&lt;/font&gt;
      &lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;div style=margin-left: 5%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;div style=margin-left: 5%; text-align: justify;&gt;
      &lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;
        &lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times,serif;&gt;
          Subsequent to December 31
 2017
 the Company entered into a private placement where it issued
          7
500
000
          new shares of its common stock for $1.275
          million as consideration. Management has designated the funds for use in general corporate purposes.
        &lt;/font&gt;
      &lt;/font&gt;

  
  

			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;2.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td&gt;
					&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
						&lt;b&gt;Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Method of accounting&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					Management has prepared the accompanying financial statements and these notes in accordance to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America; the Company maintains its general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the assets
 liabilities
 and results of operations of the Company
 and its subsidiaries
 which are listed below:&lt;/p&gt;
											&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
							&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
								&lt;td width=5%&gt;
									&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle&gt;
									&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									Place of&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									Attributable equity&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									Registered&lt;/td&gt;
							&lt;/tr&gt;
							&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
								&lt;td width=5%&gt;
									&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle&gt;
									Name of Company&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									incorporation&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									interest %&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									capital&lt;/td&gt;
							&lt;/tr&gt;
							&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
								&lt;td width=5%&gt;
									&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle&gt;
									International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									100.0&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									$46
659
135&lt;/td&gt;
							&lt;/tr&gt;
							&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
								&lt;td width=5%&gt;
									&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;
									Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									PRC&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									100.0&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=right valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									44
861
741&lt;/td&gt;
							&lt;/tr&gt;
							&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
								&lt;td width=5%&gt;
									&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle&gt;
									Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									PRC&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									80.2&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									12
123
985&lt;/td&gt;
							&lt;/tr&gt;
							&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
								&lt;td width=5%&gt;
									&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;
									Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									PRC&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									100.0&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=right valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									1
540
666&lt;/td&gt;
							&lt;/tr&gt;
							&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
								&lt;td width=5%&gt;
									&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle&gt;
									Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									PRC&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									100.0&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									3
797
774&lt;/td&gt;
							&lt;/tr&gt;
							&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
								&lt;td width=5%&gt;
									&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;
									Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									PRC&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									100.0&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=right valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									2
303
063&lt;/td&gt;
							&lt;/tr&gt;
							&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
								&lt;td width=5%&gt;
									&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=middle&gt;
									Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									PRC&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									100.0&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									149
939&lt;/td&gt;
							&lt;/tr&gt;
							&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
								&lt;td width=5%&gt;
									&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;
									Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									PRC&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									VIE&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;td align=right valign=middle width=21%&gt;
									500
000&lt;/td&gt;
							&lt;/tr&gt;
						&lt;/table&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					In 2014
 the Company invested $2
100
000 in Athena/Minerve Group whereby the Company controlling shareholder of Minerve. Minerve conducted operations in manufacturing
 packaging and sales activities in France and import and storage operations in Portugal. During the years ended December 31
 2015
 the financial position and results of operations of Minerve were accounted for as subsidiaries in the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements; however
 during the year ended December 31
 2016
 Minerve became insolvent and was compelled by its creditors into bankruptcy
 and
 ultimately
 liquidation. Accordingly
 the Company lost control of Minerve and recognized a complete write off its investment in Minerve. Balances owed by Minerve to other subsidiaries of the Company have been written off.&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					Management has eliminated all significant inter-company balances and transactions in preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Ownership interests of subsidiaries that the Company does not wholly-own are accounted for as non-controlling interests.&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					Shandong Economic Development Investment Corporation
 which is a PRC state-owned entity
 holds 19.8% equity interest in Shandong Lorain.&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p style=margin-left: 5%;&gt;
					&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;&lt;em&gt;Consolidation of Variable Interest Entity&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p style=margin-left: 5%;&gt;
					&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;VIEs are entities that lack sufficient equity to finance their activities without additional financial support from other parties or whose equity holders lack adequate decision-making ability. Any VIE with which the Company is involved must be evaluated to determine the primary beneficiary of the risks and rewards of the VIE. Management makes ongoing reassessments of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of Shenzhen Lorain.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p style=margin-left: 5%;&gt;
					&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;On December 14
 2017
 the Company formed Shenzhen Lorain as a limited company under the laws of the PRC. Through Shandong Greenpia
 the Company entered into exclusive arrangements with Shenzhen Lorain and its shareholders that give the Company the ability to substantially influence Shenzhen Lorain&amp;#8217;s daily operations and financial affairs and appoint its senior executives. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of Shenzhen Lorain and it consolidates its accounts as a VIE. The Company&amp;#8217;s arrangements with Shenzhen Lorain consist of the following agreements:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p style=margin-left: 10%;&gt;
					&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;1.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Consultation and Service Agreement
 dated December 14
 2017. Under this agreement entered into between Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p style=margin-left: 10%;&gt;
					&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;2.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Business Cooperation Agreement
 dated December 14
 2017. Under this agreement entered into between Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p style=margin-left: 10%;&gt;
					&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;3.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Equity Pledge Agreement
 dated December 14
 2017. Under this agreement entered into between Mingyue Cai
 Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p style=margin-left: 10%;&gt;
					&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;4.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Equity Option Agreement
 dated December 14
 2017. Under this agreement entered into between Mingyue Cai
 Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p style=margin-left: 10%;&gt;
					&lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;5.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp; Voting Rights Proxy and Financial Supporting Agreementdated December 14
 2017. Under this agreement entered into between Mingyue Cai
 Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however
 actual results could differ materially from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less
 and unencumbered bank deposits to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Investment securities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					The Company classifies securities it holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified as available-for-sale.&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					Trading and available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					Trade receivables are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off against allowances.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					Inventories consist of raw materials and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods costs include: materials
 direct labor
 inbound shipping costs
 and allocated overhead. The Company applies the weighted average cost method to its inventory.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Advances and prepayments to suppliers&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					The Company makes advance payment to suppliers and vendors for the procurement of raw materials. Upon physical receipt and inspection of the raw materials from suppliers the applicable amount is reclassified from advances and prepayments to suppliers to inventory.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Plant and equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method. The Company&amp;#8217;s typically applies a salvage value of 0% to 10%. The estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;div align=center&gt;
													&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=50%&gt;
								&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
									&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
										Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
									&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
										20 - 40 years&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;/tr&gt;
								&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
									&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
										Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
									&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
										30 years&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;/tr&gt;
								&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
									&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
										Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
									&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
										1 - 10 years&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;/tr&gt;
								&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
									&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
										Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
									&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
										10 years&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;/tr&gt;
								&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
									&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
										Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
									&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
										5 years&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;/tr&gt;
							&lt;/table&gt;
				&lt;/div&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts
 and any gain or loss are included in the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations. The costs of maintenance and repairs are recognized to expenses as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Construction in progress and prepayments for equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					Construction in progress and prepayments for equipment represent direct and indirect acquisition and construction costs for plants
 and costs of acquisition and installation of related equipment. Amounts classified as construction in progress and prepayments for equipment are transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. Depreciation is not provided for assets classified in this account.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Land use rights&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over 40 - 50 years.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired in a business combination. The Company conducts an annual assessment of its goodwill for impairment. If the carrying value of its goodwill exceeds its fair value
 then impairment has incurred; accordingly
 a charge to the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations will be recognized during the period. Fair value is generally determined using a discounted expected future cash flow analysis.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					The Company annually reviews its long-lived assets for impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. Impairment may be the result of becoming obsolete from a change in the industry
 introduction of new technologies
 or if the Company has inadequate working capital to utilize the long-lived assets to generate the adequate profits. Impairment is present if the carrying amount of an asset is less than its expected future undiscounted cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					If an asset is considered impaired
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Statutory reserves&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit must appropriate and reserve
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to 10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to 50% of the enterprise&amp;#8217;s PRC registered capital.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					The accompanying financial statements are presented in United States dollars. The functional currencies of the Company are the Renminbi (RMB) and the Euro (EUR). The Company&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities are translated into United States dollars from RMB and EUR at year-end exchange rates
 and its revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;div align=center&gt;
													&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=80%&gt;
								&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
									&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle&gt;
										&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
									&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=15%&gt;
										&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
									&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=15%&gt;
										&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;/tr&gt;
								&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
									&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle&gt;
										Year end RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
									&lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=15%&gt;
										6.5067&lt;/td&gt;
									&lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=15%&gt;
										6.9437&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;/tr&gt;
								&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
									&lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;
										Annual average RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
									&lt;td align=center valign=middle width=15%&gt;
										6.6133&lt;/td&gt;
									&lt;td align=center valign=middle width=15%&gt;
										6.6430&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;/tr&gt;
								&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
									&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle&gt;
										Year end EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
									&lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=15%&gt;
										0.8347&lt;/td&gt;
									&lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=15%&gt;
										0.8919&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;/tr&gt;
								&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
									&lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;
										Annual average EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
									&lt;td align=center valign=middle width=15%&gt;
										0.8867&lt;/td&gt;
									&lt;td align=center valign=middle width=15%&gt;
										0.8960&lt;/td&gt;
								&lt;/tr&gt;
							&lt;/table&gt;
				&lt;/div&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies and all foreign exchange transactions must be conducted through authorized financial institutions.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					The Company recognizes revenue when all the following criteria have been met: it has negotiated the terms of the transaction with the customer which includes setting a fixed sales price
 it has transferred of possession of the product to the customer
 the customer does not have the right to return the product
 the customer is able to further sell or transfer the product onto others for economic benefit without any other obligation to be fulfilled by the Company
 and the Company is reasonably assured that funds have been or will be collected from the customer. The Company's the amount of revenue recognized to the books reflects the value of goods invoiced
 net of any value-added tax (VAT) or excise tax.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Advertising&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					All advertising costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Shipping and handling&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					All outbound shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Research and development&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					All research and development costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Retirement benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					Retirement benefits in the form of mandatory government sponsored defined contribution plans are charged to the either expenses as incurred or allocated to inventory as part of overhead.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Income taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					The Company accounts for income tax using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Comprehensive income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					The Company uses FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&amp;#8217; equity
 except the changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					The Company computes earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) in accordance with ASC Topic 260
 &amp;#8220;Earnings per share&amp;#8221;. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis from the potential conversion of convertible securities or the exercise of options and or warrants; the dilutive effects of potentially convertible securities are calculated using the as-if method; the potentially dilutive effect of options or warrants are calculated using the treasury stock method. Securities that are potentially an anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Financial instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					The Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&amp;#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments
&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=10%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left&gt;
							&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
							Level 1 - inputs to the valuation methodology used quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=10%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left&gt;
							&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
								Level 2 - inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=10%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left&gt;
							&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
							Level 3 - inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;/table&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					The Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&amp;#8221; and ASC 815.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					In January 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment. The updated guidance eliminates Step 2 of the impairment test
 which requires entities to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill to measure a goodwill impairment charge. Instead
 entities will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying amount over its fair value
 determined in Step 1. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements of this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					In January 2017
 the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for business combinations. The amendments clarify the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements of this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					In November 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which addresses the presentation of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. The guidance requires entities to show the changes in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. As a result
 entities will no longer present transfers between cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					In October 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting for Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. The guidance requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers
 other than inventory
 when the transfer occurs The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					In August 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					In June 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which requires credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected
 not based on incurred losses. Further
 credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities should be recorded through an allowance for credit losses limited to the amount by which fair value is below amortized cost. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					In February 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for leases. Consistent with current guidance
 the recognition
 measurement
 and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification. Under the new guidance
 a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for all leases with lease terms of more than twelve months. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
					In January 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for the recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities. The updated guidance primarily addresses certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation


    &lt;b&gt;Method of accounting&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;


    &lt;b&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the assets
 liabilities
 and results of operations of the Company
 and its subsidiaries
 which are listed below:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;Place of&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;Registered&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle&gt;Name of Company&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;incorporation&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;interest %&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;capital&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
            100.0
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
            $46
659
135
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;
            100.0
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=middle width=21%&gt;
            44
861
741
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
            80.2
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
            12
123
985
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;
            100.0
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=middle width=21%&gt;
            1
540
666
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
            100.0
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
            3
797
774
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;
            100.0
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=middle width=21%&gt;
            2
303
063
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=middle&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=middle width=21%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=middle width=21%&gt;
            100.0
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=middle width=21%&gt;
            149
939
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;VIE&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=middle width=21%&gt;
            500
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;/table&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
    In 2014
 the Company invested $2
100
000
    in Athena/Minerve Group whereby the Company controlling shareholder of Minerve. Minerve conducted operations in manufacturing
 packaging and sales activities in France and import and storage operations in Portugal. During the years ended December 31
 2015
 the financial position and results of operations of Minerve were accounted for as subsidiaries in the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements; however
 during the year ended December 31
 2016
 Minerve became insolvent and was compelled by its creditors into bankruptcy
 and
 ultimately
 liquidation. Accordingly
 the Company lost control of Minerve and recognized a complete write off its investment in Minerve. Balances owed by Minerve to other subsidiaries of the Company have been written off.
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Management has eliminated all significant inter-company balances and transactions in preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Ownership interests of subsidiaries that the Company does not wholly-own are accounted for as non-controlling interests.&lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
    Shandong Economic Development Investment Corporation
 which is a PRC state-owned entity
 holds
    19.8% equity interest in Shandong Lorain.
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p style=margin-left: 5%;&gt;
    &lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;
      &lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;
        &lt;em&gt;Consolidation of Variable Interest Entity&lt;/em&gt;
      &lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/font&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p style=margin-left: 5%;&gt;
    &lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;
      &lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;VIEs are entities that lack sufficient equity to finance their activities without additional financial support from other parties or whose equity holders lack adequate decision-making ability. Any VIE with which the Company is involved must be evaluated to determine the primary beneficiary of the risks and rewards of the VIE. Management makes ongoing reassessments of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of Shenzhen Lorain.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/font&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p style=margin-left: 5%;&gt;
    &lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;
      &lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;On December 14
 2017
 the Company formed Shenzhen Lorain as a limited company under the laws of the PRC. Through Shandong Greenpia
 the Company entered into exclusive arrangements with Shenzhen Lorain and its shareholders that give the Company the ability to substantially influence Shenzhen Lorain&amp;#8217;s daily operations and financial affairs and appoint its senior executives. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary of Shenzhen Lorain and it consolidates its accounts as a VIE. The Company&amp;#8217;s arrangements with Shenzhen Lorain consist of the following agreements:&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/font&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%;&gt;
    &lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;
      &lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;1.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Consultation and Service Agreement
 dated December 14
 2017. Under this agreement entered into between Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/font&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%;&gt;
    &lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;
      &lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;2.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Business Cooperation Agreement
 dated December 14
 2017. Under this agreement entered into between Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/font&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%;&gt;
    &lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;
      &lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;3.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Equity Pledge Agreement
 dated December 14
 2017. Under this agreement entered into between Mingyue Cai
 Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/font&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%;&gt;
    &lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;
      &lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;4.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Equity Option Agreement
 dated December 14
 2017. Under this agreement entered into between Mingyue Cai
 Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/font&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%;&gt;
    &lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;
      &lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif;&gt;5.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Voting Rights Proxy and Financial Supporting Agreementdated December 14
 2017. Under this agreement entered into between Mingyue Cai
 Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 and Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/font&gt;


    &lt;b&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however


    &lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less


    &lt;b&gt;Investment securities&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company classifies securities it holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified as available-for-sale.&lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Trading and available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.&lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end


    &lt;b&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;


    &lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inventories consist of raw materials and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods costs include: materials
 direct labor
 inbound shipping costs


    &lt;b&gt;Advances and prepayments to suppliers&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;


    &lt;b&gt;Plant and equipment&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
    Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method. The Company&amp;#8217;s typically applies a salvage value of
    0% to
    10%. The estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;div align=center&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=50%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
              20
              -
              40
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
              30
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
              1
              -
              10
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
              10
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
              5
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;


    &lt;b&gt;Construction in progress and prepayments for equipment&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Construction in progress and prepayments for equipment represent direct and indirect acquisition and construction costs for plants


    &lt;b&gt;Land use rights&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
    Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over
    40
    -
    50
    years.


    &lt;b&gt;Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired in a business combination. The Company conducts an annual assessment of its goodwill for impairment. If the carrying value of its goodwill exceeds its fair value
 then impairment has incurred; accordingly


    &lt;b&gt;Accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company annually reviews its long-lived assets for impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. Impairment may be the result of becoming obsolete from a change in the industry
 introduction of new technologies
 or if the Company has inadequate working capital to utilize the long-lived assets to generate the adequate profits. Impairment is present if the carrying amount of an asset is less than its expected future undiscounted cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;If an asset is considered impaired


    &lt;b&gt;Statutory reserves&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
    Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit must appropriate and reserve
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
    10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
    50% of the enterprise&amp;#8217;s PRC registered capital.


    &lt;b&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The accompanying financial statements are presented in United States dollars. The functional currencies of the Company are the Renminbi (RMB) and the Euro (EUR). The Company&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities are translated into United States dollars from RMB and EUR at year-end exchange rates
 and its revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.&lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;div align=center&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=80%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=15%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=15%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle&gt;Year end RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=15%&gt;
              6.5067
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=15%&gt;
              6.9437
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;Annual average RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=15%&gt;
              6.6133
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=15%&gt;
              6.6430
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle&gt;Year end EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=15%&gt;
              0.8347
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=15%&gt;
              0.8919
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;Annual average EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=15%&gt;
              0.8867
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=15%&gt;
              0.8960
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;


    &lt;b&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company recognizes revenue when all the following criteria have been met: it has negotiated the terms of the transaction with the customer which includes setting a fixed sales price
 it has transferred of possession of the product to the customer
 the customer does not have the right to return the product
 the customer is able to further sell or transfer the product onto others for economic benefit without any other obligation to be fulfilled by the Company
 and the Company is reasonably assured that funds have been or will be collected from the customer. The Company's the amount of revenue recognized to the books reflects the value of goods invoiced


    &lt;b&gt;Advertising&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;


    &lt;b&gt;Shipping and handling&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;


    &lt;b&gt;Research and development&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;


    &lt;b&gt;Retirement benefits&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;


    &lt;b&gt;Income taxes&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for income tax using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits


    &lt;b&gt;Comprehensive income&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company uses FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&amp;#8217; equity


    &lt;b&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company computes earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) in accordance with ASC Topic 260


    &lt;b&gt;Financial instruments&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&amp;#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments
&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;Level 1 - inputs to the valuation methodology used quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 2 - inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;Level 3 - inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
  &lt;/table&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity


    &lt;b&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation


    &lt;b&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;
  &lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In January 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment. The updated guidance eliminates Step 2 of the impairment test
 which requires entities to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill to measure a goodwill impairment charge. Instead
 entities will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying amount over its fair value
 determined in Step 1. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements of this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In January 2017
 the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for business combinations. The amendments clarify the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements of this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In November 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which addresses the presentation of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. The guidance requires entities to show the changes in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. As a result
 entities will no longer present transfers between cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In October 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting for Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. The guidance requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers
 other than inventory
 when the transfer occurs The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In August 2016
 the FASB issued guidance


    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;Place of&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;Registered&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle&gt;Name of Company&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;incorporation&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;interest %&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=21%&gt;capital&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
        100.0
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
        $46
659
135
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;
        100.0
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=middle width=21%&gt;
        44
861
741
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
        80.2
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
        12
123
985
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;
        100.0
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=middle width=21%&gt;
        1
540
666
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
        100.0
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=21%&gt;
        3
797
774
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;
        100.0
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=middle width=21%&gt;
        2
303
063
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=middle&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=middle width=21%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=middle width=21%&gt;
        100.0
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=middle width=21%&gt;
        149
939
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;Lorain Foodstuff (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=21%&gt;VIE&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=middle width=21%&gt;
        500
000
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
        20
        -
        40
        years
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
        30
        years
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
        1
        -
        10
        years
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
        10
        years
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=30%&gt;
        5
        years
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=15%&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=middle width=15%&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle&gt;Year end RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=15%&gt;
        6.5067
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=15%&gt;
        6.9437
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;Annual average RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=15%&gt;
        6.6133
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=15%&gt;
        6.6430
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle&gt;Year end EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=15%&gt;
        0.8347
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=middle width=15%&gt;
        0.8919
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=middle&gt;Annual average EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=15%&gt;
        0.8867
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center valign=middle width=15%&gt;
        0.8960
      &lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Going Concern&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going-concern basis. The going-concern basis assumes that assets will be realized
 and liabilities will be settled in the ordinary course of business in the amounts disclosed in the financial statements. The Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is greatly dependent on the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to realize its non-cash current assets such as receivables and inventory into cash in order to settle its current obligations. For the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company incurred substantial losses of $78
305
354
      and $136
361
080. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had working capital deficits of $62
996
661
      and $15
152
702. These conditions raise substantial doubt as to whether the Company may continue as a going concern. There was substantial doubt regarding the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as going concern at December 31
 2016
 during the years its results of operations did not improve
 and the Company did not raise additional capital; however
 subsequent to December 31
 2017
 the Company entered into a private placement where it issued
      7
500
000
      new shares of its common stock for $1.275
      million as consideration. Management has designated the funds for use in general corporate purposes.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;To improve its solvency

  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Restricted Cash&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;


        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Trade Receivables&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Company extends credit terms of
      15
      to
      60
      days to the majority of its domestic customers
 which include third-party distributors
 supermarkets and wholesalers; international customers are typically extended
      90
      days credit.
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
534
856
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
948
880
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
                Allowance for doubtful accounts
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (804
937
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (695
547
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                729
919
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
253
333
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Allowance for bad debt:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (695
547
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (5
901
811
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Additions to allowance&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                109
390
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Bad debt written-off&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
206
263
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Ending balance&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (804
937
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (695
547
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
534
856
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
948
880
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
            Allowance for doubtful accounts
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (804
937
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (695
547
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            729
919
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
253
333
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Allowance for bad debt:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (695
547
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (5
901
811
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Additions to allowance&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            109
390
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Bad debt written-off&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
206
263
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Ending balance&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (804
937
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (695
547
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
846
507
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                7
746
896
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                11
840
748
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                10
593
403
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                11
840
748
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
846
507
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            7
746
896
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            11
840
748
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            10
593
403
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            11
840
748
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Plant and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              47
004
352
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              58
866
129
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6
096
099
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6
917
774
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              433
451
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              418
048
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              162
426
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              154
687
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              53
696
232
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              66
356
368
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
              : Accumulated depreciation
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (17
032
942
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (14
459
355
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              36
663
290
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              51
897
283
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 was $1
850
685
      &amp;#160;and $1
934
411
 respectively.


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          47
004
352
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          58
866
129
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6
096
099
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6
917
774
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          433
451
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          418
048
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          162
426
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          154
687
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          53
696
232
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          66
356
368
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
          : Accumulated depreciation
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (17
032
942
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (14
459
355
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          36
663
290
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          51
897
283
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Land use rights&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              15
366
444
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              14
208
013
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Utilities rights&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
800
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              15
366
444
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              14
252
813
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
              : Accumulated amortization
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (2
198
574
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (1
666
298
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              13
167
870
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              12
586
515
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      All land is owned by the government in China. Land use rights represent the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase of usage rights for a parcel of land for a specified duration of time
 typically
      50
      years. Amortization expense for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 were $259
718
      &amp;#160;and $299
177
 respectively.


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Land use rights&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          15
366
444
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          14
208
013
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Utilities rights&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
800
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          15
366
444
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          14
252
813
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
          : Accumulated amortization
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (2
198
574
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (1
666
298
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          13
167
870
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          12
586
515
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On August 8
 2015
 the Company re-organized its French operations by merging the operations of Conserverie Minerve into its immediate parent Athena
 and concurrently
 Athena wound up and dissolved Conserverie Minerve. Athena subsequently changed its own legal name to Conserverie Minerve and to continue its business. At the date of acquisition
 the net liability of Conserverie Minerve was $3
255
911
      (EUR2
968
089); the purchase consideration paid for the Athena (aka Conserverie Minerve) was $2
100
000. The acquisition of Athena and its then subsidiaries gave rise to goodwill in the amount of $6
786
928. As of December 31
 2015
 the surviving business entity
 Conserverie Minerve
 on a post merged basis
 recognized net operating losses during the year ended December 31
 2015. As of December 31
 2015
 the Company was unable to determine if the Conserverie Minerve would be able to generate future profit and positive operating cash flows to justify the carrying value of goodwill in the amount of $6
786
928
      ; accordingly
 the Company elected to write-off the goodwill that it had recognized during its acquisition of Conserverie Minerve. Conserverie Minerve had a goodwill of its own that had accumulated over the years as result of its acquisition of subsidiaries; at December 31
 2015
 the outstanding balance was $3
219
172. As mentioned in &amp;#8220;Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies-Principles of Consolidation&amp;#8221;
 Conserverie Minerve has been liquidated and the Company no longer has any interest in Conserverie Minerve; accordingly
 all remaining goodwill wriiten off during the year ended December 31
 2016.

  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Bank Loans&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Bank loans include bank overdrafts and short-term bank loans for continuing operations consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Short-term Bank Loans&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;2017&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;2016&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loan from Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.955% per annum; due 4/20/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
868
005
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
596
461
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              4.30% per annum; due 4/30/2017
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
152
658
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
080
116
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              4.30% per annum; due 5/30//2017
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
211
059
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
134
842
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              4.30% per annum; due 6/29/2017
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
152
658
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
080
116
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              4.30% per annum; due 8/2/2017
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
014
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              950
502
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
 Linyi Branch&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;Interest rate at
              5.98% per annum due 9/22/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
535
340
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
440
154
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
 Luotian Branch&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              5.65% per annum due 4/22/2017
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
536
877
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
440
154
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              9.72% per annum due 1/14/2017
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
536
877
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
440
154
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              9.72% per annum due 2/4/2017
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              461
063
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              432
046
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              9.72% per annum due 9/7/2017
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              92
213
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              432
046
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Bank of Ningbo
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              7.80% per annum due 10/27/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
229
502
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
152
124
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Hankou Bank
 Guanggu Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.85% per annum due 10/24/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
391
820
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
347
047
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Postal Savings Bank of China
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              9.72% per annum due 7/27/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              399
588
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              374
440
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;China Construction Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              6.18% per annum due 11/29/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              768
439
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              720
077
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Huaxia Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              5.66% per annum due 5/19/2017
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
536
877
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
440
154
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;City of Linyi Commercial Bank
 Junan Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              8.4% per annum due 2/16/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
535
333
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
438
707
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              8.4% per annum due 11/24/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
073
755
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
880
310
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Hubei Jincai Credit and Financial Services Co. Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
              9.00% per annum due 1/12/2017
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              307
375
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              288
032
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              23
773
780
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              22
667
482
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The short-term loans
 which are denominated in Renminbi and Euros
 were primarily obtained for general working capital. If not otherwise specifically indicated above
 short-term bank loans are guaranteed either by other companies within the group
 or by personnel in senior management positions within the group.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2017


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Short-term Bank Loans&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;2017&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;2016&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loan from Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.955% per annum; due 4/20/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
868
005
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
596
461
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          4.30% per annum; due 4/30/2017
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
152
658
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
080
116
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          4.30% per annum; due 5/30//2017
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
211
059
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
134
842
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          4.30% per annum; due 6/29/2017
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
152
658
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
080
116
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          4.30% per annum; due 8/2/2017
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
014
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          950
502
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
 Linyi Branch&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;Interest rate at
          5.98% per annum due 9/22/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
535
340
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
440
154
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
 Luotian Branch&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          5.65% per annum due 4/22/2017
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
536
877
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
440
154
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          9.72% per annum due 1/14/2017
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
536
877
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
440
154
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          9.72% per annum due 2/4/2017
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          461
063
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          432
046
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          9.72% per annum due 9/7/2017
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          92
213
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          432
046
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Bank of Ningbo
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          7.80% per annum due 10/27/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
229
502
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
152
124
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Hankou Bank
 Guanggu Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.85% per annum due 10/24/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
391
820
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
347
047
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Postal Savings Bank of China
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          9.72% per annum due 7/27/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          399
588
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          374
440
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;China Construction Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          6.18% per annum due 11/29/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          768
439
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          720
077
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Huaxia Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          5.66% per annum due 5/19/2017
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
536
877
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
440
154
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;City of Linyi Commercial Bank
 Junan Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          8.4% per annum due 2/16/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
535
333
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
438
707
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          8.4% per annum due 11/24/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
073
755
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
880
310
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Hubei Jincai Credit and Financial Services Co. Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
          9.00% per annum due 1/12/2017
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          307
375
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          288
032
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          23
773
780
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          22
667
482
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Current Portion &amp;#8211; Long Term Debt&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Current portions of notes payable
 debentures
 and long-term debt for continuing operations consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Debenture issued by
                  5
                  private placement holders underwritten by
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                10% per annum due 8/28/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                9
517
882
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                8
921
756
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Debenture issued by
                  2
                  private placement holders underwritten by
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Daiwa SSC Securities Co. Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                9.5% per annum due 11/8/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                15
368
774
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                14
401
544
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und Entwicklungsgesellschaft&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 3/15/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 9/15/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 3/15/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                30
511
656
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                $28
948
300
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company began repaying its loan with DEG in semi-annual installments on December 15
 2012. As of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company had not repaid any principal. The loan was collateralized with the following terms:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(a.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
            A first ranking mortgage in the amount of about USD $12
000
000
            on the Company&amp;#8217;s land and building in favor of DEG.
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(b.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
            A share pledge
 by Mr. Si Chen (a major shareholder
 and Chairman and CEO of the Company) as the sponsor of the loan
 to secure approximately USD $12
000
000
            of the loan.
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(c.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              The total amount of the first ranking mortgage as indicated in the Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a)) and the value of the pledged shares by Mr. Si Chen (Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a))) should be at least USD24
000
000
              in aggregate.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(d.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;A personal guarantee by Mr. Si Chen in form and substance satisfactory to DEG.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Company defaulted on its loan with DEG; accordingly
 on December 7
 2016
 DEG exercised its rights to foreclose on
      10
794
066
      shares pledged by Mr. Si Chen.
    &lt;/p&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Debenture issued by
              5
              private placement holders underwritten by
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            10% per annum due 8/28/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            9
517
882
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            8
921
756
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Debenture issued by
              2
              private placement holders underwritten by
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Daiwa SSC Securities Co. Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            9.5% per annum due 11/8/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            15
368
774
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            14
401
544
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und Entwicklungsgesellschaft&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.510% per annum due 3/15/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.510% per annum due 9/15/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.510% per annum due 3/15/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            30
511
656
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            $28
948
300
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Equity&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued
      15
000
      shares as stock compensation to employees.

  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;13.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      All of the Company&amp;#8217;s continuing operations are located in the PRC. The corporate income tax rate in the PRC is
      25%.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following tables provide the reconciliation of the differences between the statutory and effective tax expenses for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Loss attributed to PRC continuing operations&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (46
791
320
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (84
936
317
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Loss attributed to U.S. operations&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (399
590
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (338
200
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Income before tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (47
190
910
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (85
274
517
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom&gt;
                PRC Statutory Tax at
                25% Rate
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Non-deductible GAAP expenses in the PRC&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                161
192
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
898
616
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                161
192
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
898
616
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;em&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;
                    &lt;em&gt;Per Share Effect of Tax Exemption&lt;/em&gt;
                  &lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/em&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding Basic&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
274
490
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
264
874
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Per share effect&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The difference between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and the Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate was as follows for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;U.S. federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                35%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                35%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Lower rates in PRC
 net&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -10%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -10%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Non-deductible GAAP expenses in the PRC&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -25.21%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -27.22%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -0.21%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -2.22%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On December 22
 2017
 the United States enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &amp;#8220;Act&amp;#8221;) resulting in significant modifications to existing law. The Company has considered the accounting impact of the effects of the Act during the year ended December 31
 2017 including a reduction in the corporate tax rate from
      34% to
      21% among other changes.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Loss attributed to PRC continuing operations&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (46
791
320
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (84
936
317
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Loss attributed to U.S. operations&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (399
590
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (338
200
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Income before tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (47
190
910
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (85
274
517
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom&gt;
            PRC Statutory Tax at
            25% Rate
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Non-deductible GAAP expenses in the PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            161
192
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
898
616
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            161
192
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
898
616
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230, 239, 255); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;em&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;
                &lt;em&gt;Per Share Effect of Tax Exemption&lt;/em&gt;
              &lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/em&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding Basic&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
274
490
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
264
874
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Per share effect&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;U.S. federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            35%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            35%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Lower rates in PRC
 net&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -10%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -10%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Non-deductible GAAP expenses in the PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -25.21%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -27.22%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -0.21%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -2.22%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;14.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Loss Per Share&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Components of basic and diluted loss per share were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;2017&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;u/&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;2016&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;u/&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Basic Loss Per Share Numerator&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Net loss&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (63
232
092
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (135
973
101
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Loss attributable to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (63
232
092
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (135
973
101
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Diluted Loss Per Share Numerator&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Loss attributable to Common Stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (63
232
092
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (135
973
101
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Loss attributable to Common Stockholders on Converted Basis&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (63
232
092
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (135
973
101
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Original Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
274
490
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
259
490
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Additions from Actual Events&lt;/i&gt;
                -Issuance of Common Stock
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                15
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
274
490
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
264
874
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Dilutive Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Additions from Potential Events&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;-Exercise of Investor Warrants &amp;amp; Placement&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Agent Warrants&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;- Exercise of Employee &amp;amp; Director Stock Options&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
274
490
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
264
874
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Loss per share from continuing operations - Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (2.05
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (2.27
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Loss per share from discontinued operations - Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (3.56
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (0.99
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Loss per share - Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (5.61
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (3.56
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
274
490
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
264
874
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;2017&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;u/&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;2016&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;u/&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Basic Loss Per Share Numerator&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Net loss&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (63
232
092
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (135
973
101
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Loss attributable to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (63
232
092
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (135
973
101
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Diluted Loss Per Share Numerator&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Loss attributable to Common Stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (63
232
092
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (135
973
101
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Loss attributable to Common Stockholders on Converted Basis&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (63
232
092
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (135
973
101
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Original Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
274
490
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
259
490
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Additions from Actual Events&lt;/i&gt;
            -Issuance of Common Stock
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            15
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
274
490
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
264
874
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Dilutive Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Additions from Potential Events&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;-Exercise of Investor Warrants &amp;amp; Placement&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Agent Warrants&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;- Exercise of Employee &amp;amp; Director Stock Options&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
274
490
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
264
874
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Loss per share from continuing operations - Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (2.05
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (2.27
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Loss per share from discontinued operations - Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (3.56
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (0.99
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Loss per share - Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (5.61
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (3.56
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
274
490
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
264
874
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;15.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Lease Commitments&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company entered into three operating lease agreements leasing three plots of land where greenhouses are maintained to grow seasonal crops. The leases were signed by Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and they expire on April 25
 2033
 May 19
 2033
 and June 19
 2033.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The minimum future lease payments for these properties at December 31
 2017 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div align=center&gt;
                  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=80%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Period&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 1&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 2&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 3&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 1&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  74
420
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  89
258
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  10
711
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 2&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  74
420
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  89
258
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  10
711
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 3&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  74
420
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  89
258
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  10
711
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 4&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  74
420
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  89
258
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  10
711
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 5&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  74
420
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  89
258
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  10
711
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 5 and thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  769
007
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  929
771
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  112
466
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  1
141
107
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  1
376
061
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  166
021
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The outstanding lease commitments for the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2017 was $2
683
188.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The minimum future lease payments for these properties at December 31
 2016 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div align=center&gt;
                  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=80%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Period&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 1&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 2&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 3&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 1&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  74
420
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  89
258
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  10
711
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 2&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  74
420
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  89
258
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  10
711
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 3&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  74
420
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  89
258
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  10
711
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 4&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  74
420
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  89
258
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  10
711
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 5&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  74
420
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  89
258
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  10
711
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 5 and thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  843
427
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  1
019
029
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  123
177
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  1
215
527
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  1
465
319
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
                  176
732
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The outstanding lease commitments for the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2016 was $2
857
577.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Period&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 1&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 2&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 3&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 1&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            74
420
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            89
258
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            10
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 2&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            74
420
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            89
258
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            10
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 3&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            74
420
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            89
258
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            10
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 4&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            74
420
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            89
258
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            10
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 5&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            74
420
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            89
258
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            10
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 5 and thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            769
007
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            929
771
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            112
466
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            1
141
107
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            1
376
061
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            166
021
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Period&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 1&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 2&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 3&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 1&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            74
420
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            89
258
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            10
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 2&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            74
420
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            89
258
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            10
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 3&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            74
420
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            89
258
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            10
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 4&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            74
420
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            89
258
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            10
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 5&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            74
420
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            89
258
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            10
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 5 and thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            843
427
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            1
019
029
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            123
177
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            1
215
527
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            1
465
319
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=22%&gt;
            176
732
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;16.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Capital Lease Obligations&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company leases certain machinery and equipment under leases classified as capital leases. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company entered into the following capital leases:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(a.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On July 1
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB1
057
571
 which was approximately USD166
447
 with Lessor A leasing: five production machines
 two packaging machine
 one assembly line
 and ten vending machines with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              36
              months with an expiration date of June 30
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 1.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(b.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On July 1
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB2
805
493
 which was approximately USD441
546
 with Lessor A leasing one hundred vending machines with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              36
              months with an expiration date of June 30
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 1.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(c.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB2
163
845
 which was approximately USD340
539
 with Lessor B leasing eight production machines with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              30
              months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(d.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB530
439
 which was approximately USD83
484
 with Lessor B leasing four production machines with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              30
              months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(e.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB777
228
 which was approximately USD122
325
 with Lessor B leasing one assembly line with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              30
              months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(f.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB1
647
563
 which was approximately USD259
304
 with Lessor B leasing one freezing unit with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              30
              months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following is a schedule showing the future minimum lease payments under capital leases together with the present value of the net minimum lease payments as of December 31
 2017:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div align=center&gt;
                  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=80%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 1&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  1
074
829
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 2&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 3&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  1
074
829
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;
                    &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                  &lt;/i&gt;
                  : Amount representing estimated executory costs (such as taxes
 maintenance
 and insurance)
 including profit thereon
 included in total minimum lease payments
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Net minimum lease payments&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  1
074
829
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;
                    &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                  &lt;/i&gt;
                  : Amount representing interest Present value of net minimum lease payments
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  1
074
829
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Reflected in the balance sheet as current and noncurrent obligations under capital leases of $1
074
829
      and $0
 respectively.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      As of December 31
 2017
 the present value of minimum lease payments due within one year is $1
074
829.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 1&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
074
829
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 2&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 3&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
074
829
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            : Amount representing estimated executory costs (such as taxes
 maintenance
 and insurance)
 including profit thereon
 included in total minimum lease payments
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Net minimum lease payments&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
074
829
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            : Amount representing interest Present value of net minimum lease payments
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
074
829
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;17.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Contingencies and Litigation&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;There is a lawsuit currently pending in the Linyi City Intermediate People&amp;#8217;s Court of Shandong Province
 which was initially filed by Shandong Lorain
 a subsidiary of the Company
 against Junan Hengji Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (Junan Hengji) in November 2013 at Linyi City Intermediate People's Court of Shandong Province (the Linyi Court). Shandong Lorain added Jiangsu Hengan Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. (Heng An Investment) as a co-defendant after the case was first filed at the Linyi Court.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In December 2010
 Shandong Lorain and Junan Hengji entered into a cooperative development agreement (the Agreement) and in March 2011
 Heng An Investment
 an affiliated company of Junan Hengji
 also entered into the Agreement with Shandong Lorain to jointly develop the project with Junan Hengji. Pursuant to the Agreement
 Junan Henji and Heng An Investment are required to pay Shandong Lorain a total of RMB20
      million (approximately $3
225
806) fixed return according to the development status of the project developed by Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. In deciding to bring suit
 Shandong Lorain and the Company evaluated the potential claims against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment
 disputes between the parties with respect to out-of-pocket expenses paid by Junan Hengji
 as well as the litigation fee that is required to be paid to the court based upon the amount claimed. Ultimately
 Shandong Lorain decided to file the lawsuit with Linyi Court to claim a fixed return of RMB10
      million (approximately $1
499
390).
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In January 2014
 the Linyi Court held its first trial session. During the trial
 Heng An Investment filed a counterclaim against Shandong Lorain for repayment of out-of-pocket expenses which would offset the entire fixed return plus additional unpaid expenses of RMB4
746
927
      (approximately $765
633). Shandong Lorain responded that Heng An Investment does not have standing to file the counter-claim because the out-of-pocket payments were made by Junan Hengji. In November 2014
 the court held a second trial session and completed its discovery process. On March 21
 2015
 Shandong Lorain received the Linyi Court's decision that rejected Shandong Lorain's claim for RMB10
000
000
      against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. On April 3
 2015
 Shandong Lorain appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of Shandong Province.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In November 2015
 the Supreme Court of Shandong Province vacated the decision of the Linyi Court and remanded the case back to the Linyi Court for a retrial. The retrial took place on April 25
 2016
 at the Linyi City Intermediate People&amp;#8217;s Court

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;18.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Other Expenses&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other expense consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div&gt;
                  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of investment&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  8
833
130
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of inventory&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  20
838
366
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  2
229
451
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  1
184
309
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of construction in progress&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  13
207
563
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  271
348
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  1
848
087
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  2
500
799
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  45
911
455
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of investment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            8
833
130
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of inventory&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            20
838
366
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
229
451
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
184
309
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of construction in progress&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            13
207
563
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            271
348
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
848
087
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
500
799
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            45
911
455
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;19.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Discontinued Operations&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has reclassified the results of operations and the financial position of Shandong Lorain
 Dongguan Lorain
 the Minerve Group as discontinued operations. Selected details regarding those discontinued operations are provided below.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Results of Operations&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;For the years ended December&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;31
&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Sales&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              331
050
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              35
178
846
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              382
788
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              29
629
863
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Gross Profit&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (51
738
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              5
548
982
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Operating Expenses&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              28
829
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              24
576
521
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other Income (Expenses)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (2
071
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (29
705
992
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Earnings before Taxes&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (30
953
252
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (48
733
531
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Taxes&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              454
416
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net Income&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              &lt;b&gt;
                (30
953
252
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              &lt;b&gt;
                (49
187
947
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Other Income (Expenses)&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other income&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              608
198
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              245
778
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of investment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (1
505
342
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of inventory&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (8
578
662
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (2
127
694
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (19
284
481
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of goodwill&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (522
261
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (583
285
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (2
071
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (29
705
992
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Financial Position&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;At December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Current Assets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              790
550
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              19
745
847
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Non-Current Assets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              896
099
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              16
362
855
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Total Assets&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
686
649
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              36
108
702
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              9
610
994
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              13
811
908
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total Long-Term Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              9
610
994
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              13
811
908
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net Assets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (7
924
345
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              22
296
795
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities &amp;amp; Net Assets&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
686
649
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              36
108
702
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
966
135
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
              : Allowance for doubtful accounts
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
966
135
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
503
460
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
503
460
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Plant and equipment&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
537
134
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              12
603
279
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
721
021
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6
201
595
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
170
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              300
916
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              377
456
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              7
559
071
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              19
184
500
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
              Accumulated depreciation
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (7
559
071
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (6
566
417
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              12
618
083
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Land use rights&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
210
297
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
134
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Software&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              109
664
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              102
761
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Patent&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
449
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
358
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
321
410
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
238
247
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
              : Accumulated amortization
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (425
311
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (373
784
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              896
099
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              864
463
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Results of Operations&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;For the years ended December&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;31
&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Sales&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          331
050
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          35
178
846
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          382
788
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          29
629
863
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Gross Profit&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (51
738
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          5
548
982
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Operating Expenses&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          28
829
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          24
576
521
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other Income (Expenses)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (2
071
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (29
705
992
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Earnings before Taxes&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (30
953
252
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (48
733
531
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Taxes&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          454
416
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net Income&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          &lt;b&gt;
            (30
953
252
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          &lt;b&gt;
            (49
187
947
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Other Income (Expenses)&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other income&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          608
198
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          245
778
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of investment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (1
505
342
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of inventory&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (8
578
662
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (2
127
694
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (19
284
481
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of goodwill&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (522
261
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (583
285
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (2
071
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (29
705
992
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Financial Position&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;At December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Current Assets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          790
550
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          19
745
847
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Non-Current Assets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          896
099
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          16
362
855
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Total Assets&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
686
649
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          36
108
702
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          9
610
994
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          13
811
908
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total Long-Term Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          9
610
994
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          13
811
908
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net Assets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (7
924
345
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          22
296
795
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities &amp;amp; Net Assets&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
686
649
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          36
108
702
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
966
135
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
          : Allowance for doubtful accounts
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
966
135
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
503
460
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
503
460
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Plant and equipment&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
537
134
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          12
603
279
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
721
021
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6
201
595
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
170
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          300
916
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          377
456
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          7
559
071
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          19
184
500
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
          Accumulated depreciation
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (7
559
071
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (6
566
417
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          12
618
083
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Land use rights&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
210
297
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
134
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Software&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          109
664
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          102
761
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Patent&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
449
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
358
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
321
410
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
238
247
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
          : Accumulated amortization
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (425
311
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (373
784
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          896
099
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          864
463
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;20.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Risks&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;A.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Credit risk&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s deposits are made with banks located in the PRC. They do not carry federal deposit insurance and may be subject to loss of the banks become insolvent.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Since the Company&amp;#8217;s inception
 the age of account receivables has been less than one year indicating that the Company is subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;B.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Interest risk&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The company is subject to interest rate risk when short term loans become due and require refinancing.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;C.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Economic and political risks&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s operations are conducted in the PRC. Accordingly
 the Company&amp;#8217;s business
 financial condition
 and results of operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
 and legal environments in the PRC.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s operations in the PRC are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&amp;#8217;s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;D.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Environmental risks&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has procured environmental licenses required by the PRC government. The Company has both a water treatment facility for water used in its production process and secure transportation to remove waste off site. In the event of an accident
 the Company has purchased insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local environment.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times, serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;E.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Inflation Risk&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Management monitors changes in prices levels. Historically inflation has not materially impacted the company&amp;#8217;s financial statements; however


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;21.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Subsequent Events&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;div style=margin-left: 5%; text-align: justify;&gt;
      &lt;font style=font-size:10pt;&gt;
        &lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times,serif;&gt;
          On December 28
 2017
 the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement
 pursuant to which Yi Li and Beili Zhu
 each an individual residing in the People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China
 agreed to invest an aggregate of $1.275
          million in the Company in exchange for an aggregate of
          7
500
000
          shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 representing a purchase price of $0.17
          per share. The transaction closed on January 23
 2018.
        &lt;/font&gt;
      &lt;/font&gt;

  
  
  


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    














    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 $0.001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31




 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 38
274
490 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



























 Shares




 Shares



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    

    

    

    
    

    


    

    

    

    
    

    


    


    

    

    


    

    
    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 other receivables
 advances to suppliers



    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    
    

    


    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    








    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    






    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    

    


 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



    

    

    

    

    



 Stock Options



    


    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    











































    


    

    


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment



    


    








    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    


    



    

    


    

    

    


    

    





    




    






    


    

    





    














    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    











































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    













    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    













    

    




    















    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest



    

    
    

    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    

    

    


    

    





    


    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    


    


    

    
    
    

    


    










    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 maintenance
 and insurance)
 including profit thereon



    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    

    

    
    

    


    

    
    




    
    

    



    

    




    


 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


















































































































































































































begin 644 form101.jpg



$!08' D*P$  P$!



G*TM/4U=;7
H*#A(6&
MAXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q,7&Q\C)RM+3U-76
MU]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_  !$( ?\#%P,!$0 $0$#$0'_V@ 
M P$  A$#$0 _ /?Z @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M* @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
M H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M* @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
M H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M* @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
M H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M* @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
M H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M* @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
M H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H



M@ ^TP?\ /:/_ +Z% !]I@_Y[1_\ ?0H /M
'_/:/_OH4 .6:)VVI*C'T# T
M/H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *


MID

MZ%31O_ +_XF@



M'(+FX.(89;6!7D_W01D_A0M79 ]%=[%S_A!/!_\ T*FC?^ $7_Q- !_P@G@_
M_H5-&_\  +_ .)H /\ A!/!_P#T*FC?^ $7_P 30 ?\()X/_PA4T;_ 
 (

 (
MO_B: #_A!/!__0J:-_X 1?\ Q- !_P ()X/_ .A4T;_P B_^)H /^$$\'_\

O^0';?\
M84T__P!+(: .@H * @#SN6#7Y/%I\0KI_9H+X6ZOYCBX-L 8VQ%Y?*[V
F

P
MQ*D@\D  _+P3@#&X#G.*6L:5UNE%_.VOKYK]2XI2?O?S-?\ ;MW_ 

M=M;UYM3?S]4NHIHY9)&B2WQ(8R$/RJ


MW6N//#9VS6(CGGEC64R2Y









YFBFFC4W&=[(

MK



1D)G)'RGI32
M;6G9/[U?]17_ #:^YV+VFZC#J=JT\N@21XG1QAE96*D'\12Z)]QO1M=BPMO
MEP]PL*+-(H5Y H#
!G )[@9/YFC96 DH * @ H * @ H P]6_Y&3P_P#]


M@ H * @#G_&7_(#MO\ L*:?_PED- '04 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0!P]IX8F





%B[9,C&Y^7''K13:A)-]%;_R7E_.[ONR7%M2


MOR:\OP27Z&W0
* @ H * @ H * 


$BB0N['L 




M.M]3I[+0I-4U;2/%
NIW

MZE*#?D_Z_KL=569H% !0!DZ7_P AG7/^OB/_ -$I0!K4 % !0 4 % !0 4 %
M !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0

?
MC0!#N\4_\\=)_P_LG_Q- !N\4_\\=)_[^R?_$T &[Q3_P \=)_[^R?_ !-
M!N\4_P#/'2?^_LG_ ,30 ;O%/_/'2?\ O[)_\30 ;O%/_/'2?^_LG_Q- !N\
M4_\ /'2?^_LG_P 30 ;O%/\ SQTG_O[)_P#$T &[Q3_SQTG_ +^R?_$T &[Q
M3_SQTG_O[)_\30 ;O%/_ #QTG_O[)_\ $T 1RW'BB*2%#;Z4?-?8/WLG'RD_
MW?:@3=XI_YXZ3_W]D_^)H -WBG_ )XZ3_W]D_\ B: #=XI_YXZ3_P!_9/\

MN68LA7N!ZT =!0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % '/V?\




@X]16[DN926_

MC#.23\N!MD4+QC.*Q5N6*Z*UUW=FK]GKKKK\RW?F;ZZV?;5:=UIIH:&E:8=/

MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
?Q%I%SK%C!#:7

M?:]=_P@1:_^!I_^-T 'VO7?^@1:_P#@:?\ XW0 ?:]=_P@1:_^!I_^-T '


C!\OGW]* -7[7KO_0(M?\ P-/_ 

M#[7KO_0(M?\ P-/_ 

;H


M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 


M?]_D_P#B: #_ (1V3_H/ZM_W^3_XF@ _X1V3_H/ZM_W^3_XF@ _X1V3_ *#^
MK?\ ?Y/_ (F@ _X1V3_H/ZM_W^3_ .)H /\ A'9/^@_JW_?Y/_B: #_A'9/^

M_H/ZM_W^3_XF@ _X1V3_ *#^K?\ ?Y/_ (F@ _X1V3_H/ZM_W^3_ .)H /\
MA'9/^@_JW_?Y/_B: #_A'9/^@_JW_?Y/_B: #_A'9/\ H/ZM_P!_D_\ B: #

M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * .?\9?\ (#MO^PII


M]'^1R][XL\2#2;NY273X!(M\ELR6[L\30







M65K-!#!+-7%[$MO\N%G,6\.TJ[ 2IP LAHC9SBNCY?ES?G]WW$SO$GU7-\

8&

T#1 GR0ZLH+$J?G'<\BE;2$EU?Y2M^-BZ*_?<KVT_$H7?
MB+7]
U427UM:0%K*-(4CO))XMSS(GF/E$QC=VSQW%-*\Y16]U\OB_.WET.=.
MRB^EI/UMR_U]XV_\5:I8W;M=M%/+I;W(D^R[HHKG;;B094LV



HOM^


;

*NRLS%B
$1D$!??/:G!.45

[9^O'

M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * *FHZ;;:K:_9KOS3#G)6*=XMWL2

ML&/84]E;Y_U_7;


M % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !
M0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0!3EN9SJ!M85C^6(2%

M_(: .GH CGMX+F
1W$*2H&#!74











M%8


M_NQP[9#

C

M 

MZ_[5 %[_ $[_ *=__'J #_3O^G?_ 


M0H.?E7)V[B




MFQ6]P\8C5(M@&Y#P#(K
#D9R*4[*[C_*VO5M6^?+T]?
E-IJ+Z-)_)2N_OT^
M[K8JI%X@MM B




MT!D&
8E\H;OQQLHM:+2VYG;TT_6YYFX\W\J_.1TE26% !0 4 % !0 4 % &
M'JW_ 
GA_\ ZZ3?^BC0!N4 % !0!0T7_DVG^X* +] !0 4 % !0 4 % !0
M 4 % !0 4 % !0!G0_\ (R7W_7I!_PAS4 :- !0 4 % !0!0MO^0U?_ .Y%
M_PS4 7Z @ H * @ H * @AJ7^MT_P#Z^1_ZU %^@ H * @ H * @

M7WS7$DKY*E/O
Q.-K$ 9P
\4WJG'O^MO\EKN):.Z_JPU?VCK=?:3;R-+\N

[3):
M-O.S 
TA5=K*PVJ6PO**3@#=@9S5*37Y_G_FP6BLNUOPM^6E]RY9Z3::?=7-
KN7: @ H * @ H * @ H *
M @ H * @ H * @ H * @@O_ 'Y/^O9?_0FH OT % &%XN@N+C0D%K;
MR7$D5[9SF./&XK'<QNV,D?PJ3^% _\ 12?] #5O^_*?_%4 '_12?] #5O
M^_*?_%4 '_12?\ 0 U;_ORG_P 50 ?\)%)_T -6_P_*?\ Q5 !_P )%)_T
M -6_[\I_\50 ?\)%)_T -6_[\I_\50 ?\)%)_P! #5O^_*?_ !5 !_PD4G_0



50 ?\ 12?] #5O^_*?_%4 '_12?] #5O
M^_*?_%4 '_12?\ 0 U;_ORG_P 50 ?\)%)_T -6_P_*?\ Q5 !_P )%)_T
M -6_[\I_\50!5:ZN=4\1:1(NDWUM%;-*TDDZ*JC
9 Z


M -?(_P#06H OT % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0! ;RU7.;F(8SGYQQCK0 O
GYT (;VT R;J$#&[/F#IG&?
MSXH 4W=LN<W$0P2#EQVZ_EWH /M=MG N(LY QO'4C(H 07MKC(N8L<'[X[]*
M  WMHHR;J$#G^,=NM _:[8''VB($$C&\=0



$@_..PR?R





C]* $%[:XR+F+'!^^._2@ -[:@$FYB &23O'&#@T +



_GQ0 IO+4$@W


MTQ #)^^.W6@!3=VP.TW$0.2

M0@8W9\P=

YN8AC.?G'

MT_.@#.BO+5?$-ZYN8@GV2 [MXQCS)1_/B@#2-Y:@D&YB!!8$;QP1R?R[T 'V

8SC

?G'&%;/Y4 7_
M +7;9Q]HBSG&-XZXS0 [MB 1<1$'&
.._3\Z $^VVF



M.@ -Y:KG-S$

M* 'T % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4
M % !0 4 4%_Y#\G_ %[+_PA-0!?H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M*MW_ ,?-C_UV/_HMZ +5 !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 4-%_Y
MMI_N@_0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 9T/_ 

M&C0 4 % !0 4 4+;_D-7_P#N1?\ LU %^@ H * @ H * @ H H:E_K=/\
M^OD?^@M0!?H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @!DTT=O#)-
ZQQ1J69F. H')



M 


M4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 0VMNEI:QV\9)2
8!;K0!-0 4 % !0 4 % !0
M4 % !0 4 % !0 4 0K:HE]+=@MYDD:1D=L*6(_\ 0S^E $U !0 4 % !0!0M

M@ H * @ H * @ H * @]LX;^QN+.X7=!/&T;KG&5(P:0XMQ=T8_P#P
MBD



:
ML%0 ]
!L], BHWC;R;?G_7;\=-7JK=U9_A^/?\#J_#AU7^R0FL0B.Y1V4?
M-DLH/!/S-R?K[X7[H;M96[?U_6OJ]PU4FNE]#6J1A0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 %



84 % !0 4 % !0 4


X

M/^ZW2EKS1?G_ %_5F4K6=_Z_+\UZG/7GAS6M9N+ZWOHKQ(9!R[72O$[;U
91








M+OW=9C@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H


M!0 4 % !0 4 % !0!62ZWZE/9[

D:]$TDJPV5[



M] !_;?\ U#-0_P_'_UZ #^V_P#J&:A_WX_^O0 ?VW_U#-0_[\?_ %Z #^V_
M^H9J'_?C_PO0 ?VW_U#-0_[\?\ UZ #^V_^H9J'_?C_ .O0 ?VW_P!0S4/^
M_'_UZ #^V_\ J&:A_P!^/_KT 7;&\BO[**ZA#.09 88(^HH L4 % !0 4 %
M !0 4 % %!?^0_)_U[+_ .A-0!?H * @ H * @ H * *&L:H-'L#=?9+B[
M;S$C6&WV[W9FC&YE'4]R* 
G_A*=1_Z$O7?SM?_ (_0 ?\ 4ZC_P!7KOY


M&H  #P5KH ][3_X_0 ?\)3J/_0EZ[^=K_P#'Z #_ (2G4?\ H2]=_.U_^/T
3!V2L?NHW:@#HZ @ H * @ H * @ H H:+_R!;3_ '!0
M!?H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
Z'_D9+[_KT@_]#FH T: @ H
M* @A;?\AJ__P!R+_V:@_0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 4-2_P!;I_\ U\C_ -!:

GQ!_QZ6G_ %_6_P#Z
M-6@#6H * @ H * @ H * @ H * .?\0_\ASPG_P!A1_\ TCN: .@H * 

M H SH?\ D9+[_KT@_P#0YJ -&@ H * @ H H6W_ &K_P#W(O\ V:@_0 4
M % !0 4 % !0 4 4-2_UNG_]?(_]!:@_0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 %

M'/\ D VW_ O_ $(T :M !0 4 % !0 4 % !0!07_ )#\G_7LO_H34 7Z @
MH * @ H * @#)\0?\ 'I:?]?UO_PC5H UJ @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@#G_ !#_ 
ASPG_V%'_]([F@#H* @ H * @ H * @ H H:+_R!;3_ '!0
M!?H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * ,Z'_D9+[_KT@_]#FH T: @ H
M* @A;?\AJ__P!R+_V:@_0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 4-2_P!;I_\ U\C_ -!:
M@_0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0!D^'_ /CTN_\ K^N/_1K4
M :U !0 4 8WBBZNM&-O9WBVT\DJ  SF$RC.6C#K\RE@
CD4OM+^NGZ;_(/

D.I^3I%II\\LL5[;&XF5XYAS(L@+X(Z\Y ZY.X5JU)
M_P&W_;U_P#+7IVMU%&TXP];Z]K?H].W7LHK+Q3XJU#5=.M));6Q9=0-O.LE

M?/-=:2(-(E5VAF_=@J5; 4XE8MGDY*)C&

M[^MOQ.NI % !0 4 97AS_D VW_ O_0C0!JT % !0 4 % !0 4 % %!?^0_)_
MU[+_ .A-0!?H * @ H * @ H * 

'









E6



/


MT;_P;R__ -0 ?;/&'_0T;_ 
&\O_R-0 ?;/&'_ $ M&_\ !O+_ /(U !]L
M\8?] +1O_!O+_P#(U !]L\8?] +1O_!O+_\ (U !]L\8?] +1O\ P;R__(U


ME\0:B=5L[2UD%M;[!;733@C=-U+1IC\C0!OT % !0 4 % %V_Y#5_\ [D7_
M +-0!?H * @ H * @ H * *&I?ZW3_ /KY'_H+4 7Z @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * 




M_@*_W/0ZI+@#*\.?\ (!MO^!?^A&@#5H * @ H * @ H * 
5/\ D=I_

M8T'5;EO%L\-WJ4

@8&%.\8R?^&WFK;K


M4 9T/_(R7W_7I!_Z'-0!HT % !0 4 % !0 4 4-%_P0+:?[@H OT % !0 4
M % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % &=#_ ,C)??\ 7I!_Z'-0!HT % !0 4 % %V
M_P0U?\ ^Y%_[-0!?H * @ H * @ H * *&I?ZW3_^OD?^@M0!?H * @

M97AS_D VW_ O_0C0!JT % !0 4 % !0 4 % &*G_ .T_P#V#X__ $8] &U0
M 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 9/B#_CTM/\ K^M__1JT :U !0 4 % !0!5O]-L=5M3:
MZC96]Y;D@F*XB611TX(Q2LAIM;$MO;06=O';VT





M.?\ $/\ R'/?_84?_TCN: .@H SH?\ D9+[_KT@_P#0YJ -&@ H * @ H

MQ0 ?\(]JG_0Y:S_WZL__ (Q0 ?\ /:I_P!#EK/_ 'ZL_P#XQ0 ?\(]JG_0Y
M:S_WZL__ (Q0 ?\ /:I_P!#EK/_ 'ZL_P#XQ0!4T[1]7N[9Y)/&.L K/+&-
ML-GT61E'_+#T H M_P#/:I_T.6L_P#?JS_^,4 '_/:I_T.6L_]^K/_ .
4
M '_/:I_T.6L_P#?JS_^,4 '_/:I_T.6L_]^K/_ .


_*[?G0!L4 9T/_(R7W_7I!_Z'-0!HT % !0 4 %
M!0 4 4-%_P0+:?[@H OT % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % &=#_ ,C)
M??\ 7I!_Z'-0!HT % !0 4 % %V_P0U?\ ^Y%_[-0!?H * @ H * @ H
M * *&I?ZW3_^OD?^@M0!?H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *

M^G_#E2\\;Z+9-M

M_P!?U_2W:1T$
J3PI+'G8X#+E2#@^QY%-JV@)]A]( H * @ H * @ H *



84';N8G

M/UJF[V\OZ_K\-!6LV^_]?U^)HTAA0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % &*G_(
M[3_]@^/_ -&/0!M4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % %#4K-;Q[)'$FU

6A0#7;MBU^(C;0A
M6^VSX)W2Y&=W.
CCMGWH O?V):?\];[_ 
#Y_P#XN@ _L2T_YZWW_@?/_P#%

70 ?V):?\ /6^_
M\#Y__BZ #^Q+3_GK??\ @?/_ /%T ']B6G_/6^_\#Y__ (N@ _L2T_YZWW_@
M?/\ _%T ']B6G_/6^_\  ^?_ .+H /[$M/\ GK??^!\__P 70 ?V):?\];[_
M 
#Y_P#XN@ _L2T_YZWW_@?/_P#%T ']B6G_ #UOO_ ^?_XN@ _L2T_YZWW_

M\70!8M+R




MZOT

&E74B)*JL[#@Q$LIE79N. 5(^8+VZ @TD[VO_5]OO]?QT$]F



1@ 5 
MC /(&!A3QD9QFGS/FYNNOX[B2LK?U_7^;[FI2&% !0 4 % %+4M*M-7MUM[P


&E=E!!)
M)( !8G:



*O$N



MP/B_^*H /^$[\'_]#7HW_@?%_P#%4 '_  G?@_\ Z&O1O_ ^+_XJ@ _X3OP?
M_P!#7HW_ ('Q?_%4 '_=^#_ /H:]&_\#XO_ (J@#SN'QK(/C-,'\6Z'_P (
M[]E#B?[1#RF3B+=N^\')]]HSWH ]$_X3OP?_ -#7HW_@?%_\50 ?\)WX/_Z&
MO1O_  /B_P#BJ #_ (3OP?\ ]#7HW_@?%_\ %4 '_=^#_\ H:]&_P# ^+_X


X

M[\'_ /0UZ-_X'Q?_ !5 !_PG?@__ *&O1O\ P/B_^*H XSQQX^\O4]!_X1GQ









M50!IZ;K&EZS\VE:E:7T2-M9[:99 I]5)P: +M !0!6OM0LM+M'N]0NX+2V

+-&8@<G[?$,_^/4 +_P )WX/_ .AKT;_P/B_^*H /^$[\'_\
M0UZ-_P!\7_Q5 !_PG?@_P#Z&O1O_ ^+_P*H /^$[\'_P#0UZ-_X'Q?_%4
M3V7BWPUJ-W':6/B'2[JYDSLAAO(W=L#)P <G@&@#9H * @ H * @ H * 

?_ 'R* #[-!_SQC_[Y% &!
M+K6WQ)/I4.EV[I;QK)([S!)&!(9(ROS*,8)W#![&HYK1E+M?\K_ OT';6*

@!R-R@C@YQ6TX\C:




6FKH?]
MF@_YXQ_]\BD
/LT'_/&/_OD4 9_AL :!:@# &[_T(T :M !0!CSQI)XMM0Z*
MP%E+U&?XXZ -/[-!_P \8_\ OD4 'V:#_GC'_P!\B@ ^S0?\\8_^^10 ?9H/

?_?(H /LT'_/&/_OD4 'V:#_GC'_WR* #[-!_SQC_ .^10 ?9H/\ GC'_
M -\B@ ^S0?\ /&/_ +Y% !]F@_YXQ_\ ?(H /LT'_/&/_OD4 85BB1_$'60B
MA1_9ECP!C_EK=4 =%0 4 9'B%0UG:*P!!O;?@_\ 75: -+[-!_SQC_[Y% !]


?_?(H /LT'_/&/\



6'.-AZU,).-EV_S;__9_+K4GU7_!T5M/\ AU_EZ/;^9]FB




N3?^6O'].O/W:FFN9I=TG]\7+]/
MTUW&W9/RYO\ R5I?K\_+8M0^/-.D2666ROK:%8I98Y)8U F$;;7X8G()'4#




M$DD3/;PM#OC#X+O
*?\ D+^$?^PN?_26XH Z6@ H * @ H * @ H * @#

MG@TT-I)N(K5K@SXD$CA2


M::9+E4TA)98WMUA

\@BF667RPRO)$F1GG*AE/9J48N5EU_X#?KT[#FN2_97
M_WRZ]_4N_\ 7ZA-MLK?2(CJ@
XFC-WB.



1Z9,7DMR3:F4(!(+E82
M/F0-U)/...J@]#EULNO+_P3)O\ 37?R\YOK9].;_P E2?\ 7ZG5:%JTVJ1W

[58%6VKD$

M@NQ_]&W52










5.Y0T
F1\HX!

7_(W77_7C%_Z')0!K4 % !0!DZQH

DA@ 0?
1AV]
TK:W\K#OI;SO\ G_F5;/PE!I=S




MAD#
 &PZ


MNR2K0SR0N






@ 0J5(*$!

MW




MSQ&[F\IR0!GR]VS. .0






%YV
MNK&RM!8VT$]U;R*7D;?(ZD*RN57A0P^]CISU%)*Z?1R2^]1_)OY^1
FXQOU2
M;^Z_YK[O
@U/QAK

M_P D\\-?]@NV_P#12T =!0 4 9

M]H)7B+:C;(Q1BN5
@!!QV([4X?Q(KU_])9%1VIR:\O\ TI&;K'B;4K/4K[[+
&UBLB_[J(D,6=IT Z Y[9P U0Y<L4W_ J3^:7K


=6N
MA-.\EA:6=G8-=7
IMY)BQ621

M6\E]S7^?R\RE'XTUIFMTOK2.*ZAOGA.5

.7NPE)
M;J

VJ
H42;@4.XG.


?-LSG/\.



MIK^.FUM/
E;6+FRU&]-SJ\.F0W5Y+O4H=ACC_T1&&UI 5 9@ P/7U(JK)7


8/W47*DLRO#G_(!

D@7P[_P


M^P78_P#HVZH Z@ H R?$'_'I:?]?UO_ .C5H UJ @ H * /
]?MSJ6HZ@D



LT




M[!=M_PBEH Z@ H R8O^1NNO^O&+_T.2@#6H * @M?Z=8ZI:-::C9P7=L



M07!C'W0/X1DX'3FF[W=^H)65ET_ M4@@ H YKQ3_R%_/_ &%S_PDMQ0!

EI_U_6__ *-6@#6H * @ H KQV5




\




M&:;[G$-X




V_3I^&EB34?!6I+ ]O9V

MOZXZY%5/E;?:[MY)I6^5[^:W
Z?
EKORK[TW?\/\MA]QX(N)[&=H].N99X-*
M6.P:]DA

^\?N6__![^922Y%#I[WXVMM^';


1)0 4 1B)9VG$29E&3:-Q49(&?3D_G1L!)0 4

M2@ H * @#*L/^0]JW_;+_T$T :M !0!S7C?_D#V'_87T_\ ]*HJ .EH * 

G\Z/(2@ H 9##%;0I#!$D42#HBA54





1_P ]/:@;[)KO_07M?\
MP/_ 



M?9-=_P@O:_^ 1_^.4 'V37?^@O:_P#@$?\ XY0 ?9-=_P@O:_^ 1_^.4 '

=U#VA8


U_\  (__
M !R@QHNF)HNA:=I4<AD2RMH[=788+!%Y/Y4 7J @#*N]-O'U0WUE?1V[-
ML3+)!Y@(#,01\PQ]XT )]DUW_H+VO\ X!'_ ..4 'V37?\ H+VO_@$?_CE
M!]DUW_H+VO\ X!'_ ..4 'V37?\ H+VO_@$?_CE !]DUW_H+VO\ X!'_ ..4
M 'V37?\ H+VO_@$?_CE !]DUW_H+VO\ X!'_ ..4 'V37?\ H+VO_@$?_CE
M!]DUW_H+VO\ X!'_ ..4 'V37?\ H+VO_@$?_CE !]DUW_H+VO\ X!'_ ..4
M 2Z;I]Q:3W5Q=7:7$UP5R4B\L *,#C)H T: @#










ME




M6$(8
#M_B4*?R' H LT % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0
M4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 %
M!0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4
M % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % &!#KVI7*


M % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !
M0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4
M% !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 9/AO
M_D##_KXG_P#1ST :U !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0!S_ ($_Y)YX:_[!=M_Z
M*6@#H* @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H

M!0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4
M % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !
M0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % &3X;_
M .0

^N!0]59[?U_FP6CNB!_#GAV.:6\
MDT735E:(I)

MEH Z@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 


M H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * ,GPW_R!A_U
M\3_^CGH UJ @ H J7^HPZ=]F$H=GN9E@C1 2Q_H 3[ T+5V]?P#9-]O\

423/$S+$?M(B;:X3#G!SV?;G\Z$KI6W=M/\5K?FA-I

M !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0
M4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 %
M!0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4

:G:!@VJ7BSHLKW
K)



M @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H


:%_T;7_OV* #_A&-_Z!-K_W[% !_P (QH7_ $;
M7_OV* #_ (1C0O\ H$VO_?L4 '_
:%_T;7_OV* #_A&-_Z!-K_P!^Q0 ?

MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M* @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
M H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 

begin 644 exhibi1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ !  $ 2 !(  #__@ ?3$5!1!496-H;F]L;V=I97
@26YC
M+B!6
2XP


M'QXC*#
K(R8P)AX?+#TM
#4V.3HY(BL_0SXX0S

# @0#!04$!    7T! @
M!!$%$B$Q008346$'(G$4
+CY.7FY^CIZO'R\_3U]O?X^?H1  (! @0$ P0'!00$  $=P ! @
1
M! 4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC


MAXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3U-76
MU]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_  !$( )\#1P
!$0 $0$#$0'_V@ ,
M P$  A$#$0 _ /?Z @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M* @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
M H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 

M C\*0$RRH_NI^AJ@'DXH 0&@!: @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M* @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
M H * @ H * @!

Q@'\W!I7 P]0U!KB57:SU^UV

M % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !
M0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4
M% !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0

M!5-.*5)HUDB=71AD,IR#0 ^@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
M H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *


S#-1-\J*B
*BHLU[#YQP/[W()[]ZWCHC+J8J^'K2W<HH\)Q.#C']F

K @C((/6@!U !0
M 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 %
M !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0
M4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 %

D9(C9;TJ2OKC Q

M+34L8%MX&_[Y;_@1U'AR[OUW6^I3Z*%4!8(].D/'J,'VQTH Z2@ H * @
MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * 


[X_]DH %A,+K+%I^E1R
M+]UEEP1_XYF@#9@D$B @J3CDJV1F@6@ H 3/:@!<T (3B@ SB@!3P* @ H
M 3- T )G!Q0 9H 6@!
XH 
T +0 4 % 9H 6@ S0 4 % !0 4 )F@ !YQB
M@!: @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M * @ H * @ H * @ H * ,NY&L_:6-K]B\C/R^:'W=/;B@/'B#UTW\GH




]$



V
M,8Q_$* /4]5F$&DWDQO$LQ'[?:)!E8L#[Q'<@#R_X1^+_%OC:^O[O4KR$Z
M3:'RUVVH4S.<]\\8&?]X4 :?Q$^*\7@^]M]'TRS74M:GQ^Y#'$6?NY Y).1
MA1CZCC(!S=OHWQI\3'[7=ZW;Z#$YXMUPK*.V H)_-LT -EC^-'@Q_M/VBV\2


MFT5M/D2V8)(9(T3!(R.OTH Z(R?'503Y6E-CG 
?/MUH =X;^*_B*U\9VOA3



M % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !



(7I?\ P@ \(%
6
M'V;R



E '<_'+7&T;X;W$$4A2;4)5M1CKM/+?FJD?C0!K?K0A
MH/PWTBW:'RY[B+[3,








M 9/QXLO[%UWPUXPMDQ+;SB.4J
%BIWIS^#B@'PA._Q+^.-QXHC##2-'0+ '
M'7AE08[$DN_MB@#WK;QB@#Y^^(*S_#GXT:=XPB+&PU$YG1..BA9%]^&'O\


MX /HP

M'G.V) @_(4 3Y'2@#BOBOX:G\5?#^^L;10UW$5N(5[LR]A[D9 ]S0!R_P(\8



MR:-+J^KG4_&WCQN4O9E6VL)9S$BAB%D1L!Q[_E2@M%;L'4V?%NF#0=$\-Z

H6TOZ$U_\ #^:SUS1[!/''BTQW

M
CBA.]T#V//K272KZ[U(ZKXX\8VEXNH7$2P64TYB51*P4 B-E' '\7'M0EH@

FF7/AOQ5X-TN/6M3O(9;BZ
CW5RS/
/*+ 2$8#8/3(H6K:\OU0/17\T



M.CAMTFO+M(@TT@8LH5.RD[&)..
C H6]^@GHK=3-_L/5/!1BUW\4ZEJ6G)(
MHNK75'$[,&8+E), J1D''(/([T*URGL:&CR3M\2/$D+W-PT$=M:M'$TK&-P


MT]RIDL[^X=F
^XY
;

M$KJYF:9X2F\2Z);WTWBGQ#9-&T\6+/4&0OMGDP6)!SQ@#T J9^[J7'56'_#O


*^%Z= Q]


M
C@'D?H1@\@U#7OKY_D)NT?N_
YK4OA_-9ZAI





MD?H:5AW




MVZ^^: 

LJN\DZ
VT+S\N.AS@?0F@#*^%7P_O_  !:

M*A8G(P 
=N3GZ@U\
O!=UX&\.3:5=3VTY:X
PD@5ANR /FSWXH WO%6E3Z

M ])H * //?BEX7\4^)K734\
ZK]B
$I:9/-:+=G&ULKZ8/'O0!W5K%)':0Q3

YWC!!4Y[C/TH
MSHM

L/Q*Y/X@T 5K3X&ZQK^I#4_''B5[F=\[H[?YCC






MPYH+:!8W-L;D3^==S7(8)LQYCE]O4]


M! P.:.P#6T?Q/-;FUF\3VZQ%=IDM].V3D?[S2
N3ZA!0PV'ZEX7DN;NPOM/U




[_ (5WX6?2_LLFA::TQB\MKG[%'YC-C!?.
YSSUI;: 68/#UX-

M
HZ<;V^TRX$XB%C<&;:5SOS&Z8ZC'W\]^

MK&LV\T-G
)TAM+
P!W (&XM(Y.
YXQS5+0EJYTN
4A[!0 4 % !0 4 % !0
M4 % !0 4 % !0 4 )0(^7/BW926/Q$U

MCIJU

M 4 % !0 8 Z4 % !0 4 % !0 8H * @ H * #% 8% T 4_PR=/\ [5_M

DT 7
8H 3 H 7% !0 4 )@4 +B@ H * #&* #

M #I0 F!0 N* # % !B@!






V=T.
;\JY'7%)3UL#CH=R*LD6




MGV#_ (3_ 

_]!/_ 


M


_]!/_ 
@2?_$T?7*/




/83[!_PG_AG_H)_^0)/_B:/KE'O


_]!/_ 



M/?\ 


_]!/_ 
@2?_$T




MYA[?8/^$_\ #/\ T$__ !)_P#$T?7*/?\ 
/83[!_PG_AG_H)_^0)/_B:/


_]!/_ 



MP?\ ?\ AG_H)_\ D3_ .)I?7*/?\Q^PJ=A/^$]\

AE.0:ZKHPM8E+ ?2F(\X^(GQ1


MD.

































4200


MN$N+=BKKW]1Z5
DI#BW%GH&DZK#J4&Z

'25
M-
U*4L&(6&4\D$]B?2M*53[+



M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H

H^.FY?ZBE89X#X

M.P/&]0.WM^-=5/:S


M 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 %
M !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0
M4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 %

MT5@]O$6GQCS7.6_^M6L8*)FY-FV*T)%Q0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !
M0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4
M% !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0
M 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 %
M !0 4 % !0 4 % !B@!
46 
8H *  T &* @!: @ H * @ H * @ H *
M @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H

 * @ H * @#__9
end








begin 644 exhibi2.jpg



$!08' D*P$  P$!



G*TM/4U=;7
H*#A(6&
MAXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q,7&Q\C)RM+3U-76
MU]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_  !$( #H##P,!$0 $0$#$0'_V@ 
M P$  A$#$0 _ /?Z @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M* @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
M H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *



MUJ?R?B'(NX?VKKG_ $+LG_@5'_C1[6I_)^(<B[A_:NN?][)_P!4?\ C1[6
MI_)^(<B[A_:NN?\ 0NR?^!4?^-'M:G\GXAR+N']JZY_T+LG_ (%1_P-'M:G
UJ?R
M?B'(NX?VKKG_ $+LG_@5'_C1[6I_)^(<B[A_:NN?][)_P!4?\ C1[6I_)^
M(<B[A_:NN?\ 0NR?^!4?^-'M:G\GXAR+N']JZY_T+LG_ (%1_P-'M:G\GXA
UJ?R?B'(
MNX?VKKG_ $+LG_@5'_C1[6I_)^(<B[A_:NN?][)_P!4?\ C1[6I_)^(<B[
MA_:NN?\ 0NR?^!4?^-'M:G\GXAR+N']JZY_T+LG_ (%1_P-'M:G\GXAR+N'
UJ?R?B'(NX?V
MKKG_ $+LG_@5'_C1[6I_)^(<B[A_:NN?][)_P!4?\ C1[6I_)^(<B[A_:N
MN?\ 0NR?^!4?^-'M:G\GXAR+N']JZY_T+LG_ (%1_P-'M:G\GXAR+N']JZY




M6Y
J@2DC(_WCCGB@5;J)YGA61#+& 60



M?88Q




JHE


99E(



L4DD=Y;ND7WV652%]


 ?3CZB@!MU?VEB4
M^U7







M3D@]03QGK0!FOH

2S?W?O'S%&!R%^[V )+H76IQ




M?C(_.@#/U5YM3TS3[BUM;V*23;


D CDT.:[C32-0MC/8BZ




79;/'!Y<7F395LI\W /<G&3Z4 2^3='PX='_L



MYY:$
6

M'I0!5N].UV)=WD0ZA


M0=SX)(Q]YB
G[U $6FV$L=_8RV^G7-E C'?;R.AAB01[0(U!..0


*&9=4O
MY&DAE5IX[=-H25P^3:
D'/([4 =#%J3R.8SIUW&P*YWA
8;/.0W08Y[\CB@

T9$V$DH


Y.P7IU !;N(IKBY:;[-)#YTEM&D;XW?NY2['@D8V^_8^V0'5-(
MNV\6IJC/=7%B;(V_V:388Y ^[?G</O X(!'W5SGC !7ATZ\6RMX;Z^ENU5
MV^UVSHC[-S^7&YR,E5<'T)&?J 16.E7UM 4N[:[1?L\<4*V,J1K'M!&Y@H+


MCC:1CO8Y^]L]
_



4 
F5C$XB*K(1\I89 /N*



V
M&.1M7( /8=

C
I\Q)
M#&9


M\?-^E %B*/5A/B6:T
.T_=B8



MJ6H7)MTN(8VCGD#XM9/N1R[2-Q.




MD XQQTSUH T$GU2[$KVKVD2([1IYD;



M4 5-1\5_V7:VCWTMG97+EY9(YY0NZ%&P2H)'S





MVV
ML+



M/4 ]J (YM!LIM0BO7$OG17'VE
2$ /Y1BSCI]PD8H 3_ (1[3Q=7%PD;H]Q+

R'*G'UZ^M %N\L(;ZV
$V[82K;6!!R.A!H K?V%9/O\]9+D/&

LK.0

\0G.95BF9 YP






M(YH 1]&MVN9YUFN8VF8


MQ0KD7@*R@N3P2Q('IR['CUH $T.RC.GE4?-@I6'YST(P=W][IGGOS0 VYT*U
MN7E;S+B'S6#2&9D#$8'(!]  ?6@ ;0K/GR6FMP4$02M&
 8'0]0
#/L* )
M;?2;6UG@EA5D\B$P1H&.U5)!/'3/RCGVH 5M)LGOI;R2$232(D9+_
 %+$8!

MA/+D



M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
0* @ H * @ H * @#_V0$!
end








begin 644 form10kx14x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#N);B!@))
MD0GH&8#-1G4+


M;0PM:I(L'

C('3&._3GG\JCM+6ZO$#P3='*X


'.#VJ WURW6=B?
MK_*IO-
?M$C7O-5^T:');7492]+(&)7_ %F#^0JYX#YDOOI'_[-7.&^NV&
MTW








end








begin 644 form10kx3x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBDH)Q0

M' 4+S^:FJP:\MFS-)&V1P))U _2





UNV?Q3XJFTY9-L%C;M

M=#I.EVVDV



0Q_.MS3M9T[5%

CUH 6BDR*


BC(H 6BDR*

M+1249'K0 M%)FC(- T4F:,T +129HS0 M%)FC- T4E+0 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% 'B.:Z_PZQ62QVL1EE!Q7'MQFNDT2?;!!(I^:-OY&LYEQ/2J



# Z5#':6\4GF1P1

L.WX\C\:S]'\7VS0WUIOL-]'\
MKK*I4-[^U=356\TVRO\ 'VRTAGV]#(@8CZ4 8.K^,;..W:'27^VWTGRQI$I8
M ^O3G'I6I%JAM=#6_P!7C-HRJ/.4C.#G'&,]3_.K-GIEC8$FSM((W!
:!2?


9P
?GSQU!QQZ5%9V\,6A0W B1YXU9MQ.1YX&/RKI<48

MQII=O-D1V(S@8^;J$Z\CC/XUNXHH Q UJ+*X.B2^;)LZPR&11SSCDC=C/O4)

M J
;1W_H+:WF6=)HMWVJSA'E
V ^=VY2.Q..O8CTKH
48H YJ=+6^T;4KP
M EH_.*

HDH202
XVGN
TX#[5K*65\NYTMGW8R!(-Z;6&/IR.


F^'=17:+.0G.24/ZXKH*\LT[4PP5)GVR \-Z_P#UZ['3/$ B.^)


'T-*
K




M\:/^$@@_Y]+S_OV/\:UZ*.6??\ O'L9'_00?\^EY_W['^-'_00?\^EY_W[



C_A((/\ GTO/^_8_QH_X
M2#_ )]+S_OV/\:UZ*.6??\  +Q[&1_PD$'_ #Z7G_?L?XT?\)!!_P ^EY_W
M['^-:]%'+/O^ 7CV,C_A((/^?2\_[]C_ !H_X2#_GTO/^_8_P :UZ*.6??\
M O'L9'_00?\^EY_W['^-'_00?\^EY_W['^-:]%'+/O^ 7CV

M_P )!!_SZ7G_ '['^-:]%'+/O^ 7CV
C_A((/^?2\_[]C_&C_A((/^?2\_[]

M/8R/^$@@_P?2\_[]C_&C_A((/\ GTO/^_8_QK7HHY9]_P  O'L9'_00?\


MUT0M%%%4(0UPGBSPJ8C)J&GJ60G
4E 'B!XZU=M]3FA78<.
8

M-7W*3

=?


end








begin 644 form10kx3x2.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

?/7:RC'YFJ_VZ\_Z!<__?Q/\:3DD.QH45G_ &Z\_P@7/\ ]_$_QH^W
M7G_0+G_[^)_C2YD%C0HK/^W7G_0+G_[^)_C1]NO/^@7/_P!_$_QHYD%C0HK/



MNO/^@7/_ -_$_P :.9!8T**S_MUY_P! N?\ [^)_C1]NO/\ H%S_ /?Q/\:.

?] N?_OXG^-'VZ\_Z!<__?Q/\:.9!8T**S_MUY_T
MY_^_B?XT?;KS_H%S_\ ?Q/\:.9!8T**S_MUY_TY_\ OXG^-'VZ\_Z!<_\
MW\3_ !HYD%C0HK/^W7G_ $Y_P#OXG^-'VZ\_P@7/\ ]_$_QHYD%C0HK/\
MMUY_TY_^_B?XT?;KS_H%S_]_$_QHYD%C0HK/^W7G_0+G_[^)_C1]NO/^@7/
M_P!_$_QHYD%C0HK/^W7G_0+G_P_B?XT?;KS_H%S_P#?Q/\ &CF06-BL_[=





@8XR





#%W7[NT\!@/P]#WX]

M &G169.;K[;
&\P(2OE&

M**6B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** $HQ2T4 )@44M% 48I:* $P*AO?

V3[3Y(\EI#)O7.03QGIRHX(ZGM37DOG1A#&P9W



''0_
?\ ]56



M]G&?KCC'O6I10!G





MZ[N2%&

GC/XXZ5H44 9P$A9 9;H1X8@
M^6

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvancesOnInventoryPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerDepositsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesStatutoryCapitalAndSurplusBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationTaxEffectOfDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicAndDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicAndDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_AppropriationsToStatutoryReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ImpairmentOfConstructionInProgress'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ImpairmentOfLeasedPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ImpairmentOfInventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableWriteOffs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_WriteDownOfAssetsFromInvestmentLossFromDeconsolidation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ForeignExchangeLossFromDisposalOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsAndOtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncreaseDecreaseInAdvanceToSuppliers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForConstructionInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_InterestReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

        <font style=font-family:times new roman
times

        <font style=font-family:times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

					<p align=justify style=font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

											<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

								<td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

								<td align=center style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

								<td align=center style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

								<td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<font style=font-family: times new roman
times
<font style=font-family: times new roman
times
<font style=font-family: times new roman
times
<font style=font-family: times new roman
times
<font style=font-family: times new roman
times
<font style=font-family: times new roman
times
<font style=font-family: times new roman
times
<font style=font-family: times new roman
times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

													<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

													<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

							<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubstantialDoubtAboutGoingConcernTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivablesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CurrentPortionLongTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

              <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times

                  <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times

                  <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesInFinancialStatementsOfLessorDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

                  <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

                  <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

        <font style=font-family:times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

          <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

          <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=center style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=center style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

      <font style=font-family: times new roman
times

      <font style=font-family: times new roman
times

      <font style=font-family: times new roman
times

      <font style=font-family: times new roman
times

      <font style=font-family: times new roman
times

      <font style=font-family: times new roman
times

      <font style=font-family: times new roman
times

      <font style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CustomerDepositsAndAdvancesToSuppliersPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ConstructionInProgressPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LandUseRightsPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_StatutoryReservesPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PostemploymentBenefitPlansPolicy'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

        <p align=justify style=font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times

  <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

      <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

      <td align=center style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

      <td align=center style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

      <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAverageExchangeRatesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableAllowanceTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableAndDebenturesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times

          <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=right style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(230
 239

          <td align=left style=background-color: rgb(230
 239
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_PerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherExpensesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroThreeEightEightNineFourFourZeroEightsppZznOnepCQsFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroThreeEightEightNineFourFourZeroEightKfvTwowGBMzbpZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroByXhlGZJSDqg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeEightEightNineZeropTXDPbbQPMXD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroTwolOneVdhThreeJhKqEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeEightEightNineZerozBBOneOneThreenXtDNineJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroTVNdNineGyqOneFourcV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroRSevenFourcFiveJThreeXzLJH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeEightEightNineZerocHxlszcyfGbv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroThreeEightEightNineZerovJSKcOneDlxSixgW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoingConcernZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroZFTwoEightrhqNQbxw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoingConcernZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroWTJvBdCVqrTs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoingConcernZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroHNineZTwoMswqzqRB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoingConcernZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroxFFKZQZeroxcOneSixW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoingConcernZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroZeropkOneqbFpKdZEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoingConcernZeroThreeEightEightNineZerobThreeRBtPtSxFourww'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TradeReceivablesZeroThreeEightEightNineZerolhDdTGVHNTwopF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TradeReceivablesZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroMSixMEightcThreeSHgTxz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TradeReceivablesZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroOneSixJyNinePgTRrMn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_PlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeEightEightNineZeromwNZeronSevenrOnesSFiveFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_PlantAndEquipmentZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroFourFourWEightRsChCWPy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IntangibleAssetsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroZeroxThreeThreeOnenldmxwZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IntangibleAssetsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroNinetwzfqyqTwoTdTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IntangibleAssetsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroXSKFThreerThreeSevenKCqT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoodwillZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroHGbyfBmZeroFouryEightq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoodwillZeroThreeEightEightNineZerozlyTwocbZeroxOneVXg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoodwillZeroThreeEightEightNineZerohcnXCgpFiveXcRf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoodwillZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroBgdzLCmQvwTF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoodwillZeroThreeEightEightNineZerogSevenrdFivedKFSixcTwoNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_GoodwillZeroThreeEightEightNineZerokZBfFiveGmWspTL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CurrentPortionLongTermDebtZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroymdTyKNinePSixLHC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CurrentPortionLongTermDebtZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroDdThreeEightSixbhJskPd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CurrentPortionLongTermDebtZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroWBEightrczLVgNmf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CurrentPortionLongTermDebtZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroFvTwoTwovVrxzfXr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_EquityZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroxSevenSixtSixwNzWdNOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncomeTaxesZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroDBhTwopTwoNNineVDPS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncomeTaxesZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroLkchqZeroySevenlHSw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncomeTaxesZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroSixWFTKqCOneZGJNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LeaseCommitmentsZeroThreeEightEightNineZerotKLvNinebSevenTwolBkZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LeaseCommitmentsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroybTZOneNvRJcfH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroZeroFourFiveZmThsSixvKd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroTgmHxnqFQMlThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroyyycnWSyzZerorg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroDNineLVTwoNgXlKyy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroCTBXNineVBrvThreexp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroPJJTwoEightOnenmThreepbM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroXtrgqNinedFourbJXSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroxdMpGyTwoTwTwoCM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZerobFourKsgrmHFShFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroFLFourThreeQcnJtxLP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZerobvSixTwoQmLCThreeEightFiveX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroHlvQNineZeroGOneWNineSixc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeronFiveFKHZeronNineEightcsg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroLLkpZCPVQcTk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroFFourXgFvgCEightLgQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroTVzPWrBSevenCrJQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroTLJbMcJGtLXS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeromBDTHxlXCTdr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroMhRkTEightEightnByFourB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZerokNEightNgbbfLgTwoZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZerogqThreeZOneqFmxSevenzr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroFivegqSLnrOnexymr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZerocBgFivehSevencnrMVc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroPZBDcySEightxsThreer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroPSevengsBWTXLbWt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroBGCcXFztXNinehT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalLeaseObligationsZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroFourFiveZQMCbkSixWMW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroThreeDFThreeJRsOneSixtyg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationZeroThreeEightEightNineZerowRbDDMvKbslN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationZeroThreeEightEightNineZerobwCVwTwocrsTpr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroTwoFTcSTTwoZEightBpZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroqFpCsgBhVMgNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationZeroThreeEightEightNineZeromvghKFcSixqcMZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroZDcbLFourHFivepNineyt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroThreeEightEightNineFourFourZeroEightcxyZeromWyrrgJQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroThreeEightEightNineFourFourZeroEightFiveyFmrFourTlQsFivex'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroThreeEightEightNineFourFourZeroEightTwodffbQfBJCQw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=aln_InternationalLorainHoldingIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=aln_JunanHongrunFoodstuffCoLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=aln_ShandongLorainCoLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=aln_BeijingLorainCoLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=aln_LuotianLorainCoLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=aln_ShandongGreenpiaFoodstuffCoLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=aln_DongguanLorainCoLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=aln_LorainFoodstuffShenzhenCoLtdMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_RegisteredCapitalOfCommonlyControlledEntities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=aln_LandscapingPlantAndTreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrencyAxis=aln_RMBUSExchangeRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyExchangeRateTranslation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ForeignCurrencyEnchangeRateAverage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrencyAxis=aln_EURUSExchangeRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyExchangeRateTranslation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ForeignCurrencyEnchangeRateAverage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivablePeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_UseRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=aln_UtilitiesRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_LoanFromIndustrialAndCommercialBankOfChinaOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_LoanFromIndustrialAndCommercialBankOfChinaTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_LoanFromIndustrialAndCommercialBankOfChinaThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_LoanFromIndustrialAndCommercialBankOfChinaFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_LoanFromIndustrialAndCommercialBankOfChinaFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_LoanFromChinaMinshengBankCorporationLinyiBranchOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_LoanFromAgriculturalBankOfChinaLuotianBranchOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_LoanFromAgriculturalBankOfChinaLuotianBranchTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_LoanFromAgriculturalBankOfChinaLuotianBranchThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_LoanFromAgriculturalBankOfChinaLuotianBranchFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_BankOfNingboOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_HankouBankGuangguBranchOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_PostalSavingsBankOfChinaOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_ChinaConstructionBankOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_HuaxiaBankOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_CityOfLinyiCommercialBankJunanBranchOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_CityOfLinyiCommercialBankJunanBranchTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=aln_HubeiJincaiCreditAndFinancialServicesCoLtdOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=aln_DebentureIssuedByFivePrivatePlacementHoldersUnderwrittenByGuoyuanSecuritiesCoLtdOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroldwBNVPvThreekSixv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=aln_DebentureIssuedByTwoPrivatePlacementHoldersUnderwrittenByDaiwaSscSecuritiesCoLtdOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=aln_LoansFromDeutscheInvestitionsundEntwicklungsgesellschaftMbhDegOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=aln_LoansFromDeutscheInvestitionsundEntwicklungsgesellschaftMbhDegTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=aln_LoansFromDeutscheInvestitionsundEntwicklungsgesellschaftMbhDegThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsExtraterritorialIncomeExclusion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=aln_PeoplesRepublicOfChinaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsExtraterritorialIncomeExclusion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_EffectOfTaxExemptionGrantedPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeEightEightNineZerobThreeFDFDwRsTnp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroThreeEightEightNineZeroXxcPGgBbOnedzN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToCallOptionsAndWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicAndDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicAndDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=aln_GreenhouseOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=aln_GreenhouseTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseArrangementTypeAxis=aln_GreenhouseThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsExecutoryCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsNetMinimumPayments1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ImpairmentOfConstructionInProgress'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherGeneralExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherGeneralExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_UseRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=aln_UtilitiesRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_OfficeEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGrossProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationTaxEffectOfIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationDuringPhaseOutPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationDuringPhaseOutPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationImpairmentOfGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherGeneralExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNetAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInventoryCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipmentNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationIntangibleAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+

M'@
5$+4 IL:)Z=BW#5P (XPP^_)=0#L3I^J?V*D#[)3LBYM37=?5W7+*#3L(


!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M


V955E+.EU_'%&XU[3$(?]
M=^M?K//:F0.5;
NKW^5)79?Q-(Y.[$QOE7KFCZ_
.93%D?/^.[NS2L/-2K3&

21X
)Q!%(3R#YIX2)(TQZ DX_):2.

B*!$S@SD]#U,]- #,;
M41G)?QQ8(-X-L'68X9ZE65&DZ6PDQ#!X%:PQ;7\((
P(U&&X6S'83(3/\X@





!_'A]/83?_+V?;YZ=N2S
WB;6SG*+D[2/!

M2BH(3I)%[O]D E43.

99

D)'=#;(
M%W:\:L=+.Y[9\:(?

M-B3=4%0-16DH
D-19NX!
?(E*77!Q)@*RRJI=I*TPV;&79+=).




M18DQV4C&%%SIE$20KH[ J4 &//G,U,5F@Q

3*#:AD22<O2O+RQ72'DJC)0R:O



M2P



M+0?
84?)[_(DBHV;N



M\P\0_BR$K_V#
8218MM)8BVIM

M$Z)TEBBUB5*#*'V6Z EA1X1&%Y]J1#\PNY0U=PY4R#M4WW1G2@7(H-Y'LE

&ULA9C;;N
V$(9?Q?!]
M8LX







X&L-JKP@P9
MT9#AAB@S9-A =V1TR&=RQ76@C() 039D14-VZ



P

.0\! XZ1\$A\\1UI#U0:9YD'H+E





Q.Y.Q


WKL//63M;UV['K=VYN

(D4S!
M6 '8M0





%;(L#2@_ L
MK2A7;E$D!LE,A+=^!)VY)5&W)!( V)O2<PNVW1V$!H#*I%8%9 %?Q7JKT+\

1?LF1&HV8T8@9N-=HS(P13L%(??&P%N)D_

MQU: F_EC4'\

I
8!+C%\5@)LY1 D^9 CB$LC%[0B!7M:PFA'
M;962
P1@D)S#\BJ-O6M-M;0<J?$%)SIKUM-1G!
MRR['=THSA?*DZ,<HI$V3-&T2B+Q1V3XJ./(K//VS-':!97'7,WV *$NH/

9M$G5QXZ]PN?
109
EY;4G_*4$&U9G#$







MINX_M;MFFWYY;+M-/:3;[FG9[[JF?I@J;=9+4LHM-_5J.[^^G

M7FV;S]VL?]ELZNZ_VV;=OEW-]?R]X

M83Y[:![KE_7PI7W[K3ETR


MU
0M9=5% U6NX$(+##O!4WWWH1.
3
M2]+KKTIC WEXHPF8T=(
Y2T%JURPTA(01C9&%PBJ
4(U U/90L#Y6V.CUT%Z




J

*8J ZK*!?.6$54=
M$V4#!83:IQ7

M9J

_'&_6


:J0$
&UL;5-A;YPP#/TK47Y


DA@(%M8\91#BN\ A*Q41!
MQJ\E)UU+1N+6?LW^

M5U !'I6$&C4JE[ZD'IU'O60)4K1XF4]ITCG--[?90MLG\(7 5\)]JL/F0DGY


MP_( V/H*JS]02P
$%     @ -XB13%D+%@.K 0  D0


M$@:_L$GLY&KM:W0^5SG=1$&@H PQ@\#C!H^@5$R$

A*7]GOVI]0[
M]G(5'AZM^BFKT.;TGI(*:M&K\&*'9YCZV5
R-?\%;J 0'I5@C=(JG[ZD['VP

M)?KN'X6'#PK7


M9E$0**AS#PN
-LJAA
HTAW*-YC]%;N

'R-61 
LR\E^%:)
_^/SK?I^TV%^T3?_Z/PPQN%&YAC]J8(
M6XU$@VO3





-Z/%]K(Z-D3S'=INWI+9
M798'@!;7V'U!U!+ P04      WB)%,RZ5!+*H!  1 P  &0   'AL+W=O


2YX;6QM4VUOG# 
_BM1?D!SP-J=3H#4:U5UTBJ=
M.FW[G 



M ;\$C&YED]#)V9B7X'RK[H+@D!Y4



K1F)G6;?\_+
MDT.*LZE

_Z.GV_1L


8'\RO:=MJ2R?&FGQ\ 6UYA^1=02P
$

M


MKW5!=U$0**AS#PN

M/5!20R


MTPV_G6G;!#X3^$(XI#IL*I24?Q%!E+FS(W'3['L1?_'^R'$V50RF4:0[%.\Q




 S]









MVA =K



M]F&\X7RBK1/X1. SX2;E86.BI/R;*+(G!V(&WO?B?C$VSW'WI31F5J1[E\






MJ6Q$]^1;@


?F6SV



M/M414Z&D_)


MPL@U9D$(RKZ4D-=*'.4;NKQ.WUU5N$OTW7\*;U\I?(NAM7Q51*Q&8L$U:1D\

S!OHQ:7PU8@2LKFA#6CI?2R.@3I$
M\R/9;MJ2R0G8SP] +*^P^ M02P,$%     @ -XB13#)2K:I 0  D0
  !D





MU5]02P
$%     @ -XB13 ^?E%FJ 0  D0

M--9I$=!U+?.] U$GDE:

M7@




MM^F4)IWC=



 S^*U%^0

9:SC[&=

+?V!X
WC36:1'0=2WSO0-1)Y)6

M$#




$%     @ -XB13'QC!^BI 0  D0






MUE=8_0502P
$%     @ -XB13+8[1O.J 0  D0



[RK,$SW_
M1^&[-PKW,+=OBK#-2#38+BV#(S6.)BWB)KKNVSU/(_T+GY?UF[=-(Y<T(<?
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(R+GAM
M;&U3VVZ<,!#]%<L?$]&338K0
HFBE*IE5:IVCY[8;@HOE#;+
G?=VP(H2DO


M
4C_;
)U.CL=SW&Z26]G


M*+!-7 9'2C/HN(BKZ+)O=SR.] 


C





6[@8'

MQN\E)EU31N+V_!K]

MKJ /H).6I4+JVD'IU'O40)4K1XF7=ITC[--^_X0MLG\(7 5\)MRL/F1$GY
IZJ3-NG4
M:=OG'!B(FL0L4?W[Y<$2EG'%V([[]G/QLE'M

%&3\GG/2I60DKNW7[ ^I
M]]#+13BX1_5+UKXKZ(&2&AHQ*/^$XR/
_7RD9&[^*UQ!!7A4$FI4J%SZDFIP

7[

M
$OT[!^%V3N%6Y@/[XJPU4@TV#8M@R
5#B8MXBJZ[-L=3R-]@T_+^DW85AI'
M+NC#CTGC:Q ]!F[F[ !77@?BZ.@\='\%&P[;


M-2YX;6QM4V%OG# 

M!


MK

M@NZB(%!0^9A!A.




MRQ\0LT9--RM RJ:*4JF55JG:/'MA N^4-LLZ=_7-@XA2]X9GS.S)EA7$S:


M2\
E*

PMW6CSQQO4EWF/40

M*K_QARKJ

MKJ++OMW2.-(W^+RL/YGIN++HK)W_


M/VHMW)\3*#N5-*.O@2?9]2$&6%4
HH/O$'X





R^EN![)4[\/SK?






^
M#B HI /<#PA8O9CI (#*D YP/R!@]7*F P0*Z0#W P)6+V<Z0*0#G _(&#U

-ZZ.5:NC%VGL

TJ



[^/(/18X U^2SSS
MMG
'XR[@(^ 'A]&N]BC<Y*SU

M75?@/48U-&P0[EF/GV^SPZC^?)?X +PX



2; _5O4X5D?(IX

M






52HN05FN%3)0Y_AA

;2-_\X_#^QF$*LTN+;),BVT2!_8U(G.X$2&+<Y=@FCAQ%I6Z

=U5H[\%96=W[

M[_=F'



2YX;6QM4^UNG3 
?94H#]!PPS[:*T#J

1$UBEH1+]_9+ F6HXP^QG7/L8^


M.%OB1JV%_7









MIVW9'8\#LL#8.LK



Z
P



RYX;6QM
M4^UNG3 



GA0XFM4*&W\DFJP#M6<Q4M1_'4ZA8[G.-U<?IEIVX1T
M)J0+X3;685.AJ/PK=[S



T+GAM;&U3[6Z=
 Q]E2@/T$!0


J0R
OX










M=X




S8N


?R!$%PT(IF]D#YU]4TDEF+&AJHGN




M2BZ.:

M\C_)_P)02P
$%     @ -XB13&Q'OL.I 0  D0
--9I$=!U+?.] U$GDE:,[W9W3 MI:)FGV,F5N1VD@9.COA!:^'^'D'9


6\0GP2\+H
M5S:)G9RM?8G.U[J@NR@(%%0A9A!X7. 1E(J)4
:?.2==2D;BVKYF?TJ]8R]G

=&
.4X8OL*\(1AF7TKPK1)'_A^=;].S3859HF?O



$%     @


MC51_;YLP$/TJEC] G4!_*0*D)M6T2IL4==KVMP
'6+4QM4UHO_W.AC!*F;1_



V*12 6-%;HA!LJ4/FQWA]CC ^7@-[.]L0[.6G]XH.G(J4;


E]5R/Q/;78R'F?MD.+OP#=U:S)ZS
M.+I.V-D+C9C]@(EFF.V$8*@^E8C62NRC3_3H8X'#9T3\CPKQJHDX\.
/)FX6




MN?$;T/KWL3@*:A?
.V^;:4LFQV$_/PVO,+B+U!+ P04      WB)%
371X


1$UBFH2C^_=+ J6LXPNQG??L9^/D

[NE;X$FVG8\!5N:]:.$'^)_]R0:/

)LJ!M



$%     @ -XB13-FKE;BG 0  D0
  !D   !X


MAV
6\U/3PFC7]DD=G*V]C4Z7^J[J(@4%%R#PN
 3*!6)4
:OF9
N)2-P
S\/!DU8NL0U?0#Y34T(A!A6<[?H:YGWM*YN:_P@44ID<E6*.R







_SD!5U.!#_@M\-2W
MG?4!4N8#:^$'V)_#6;L565GJ7H TO9)(0U/@A\/QE'A\ #SW
)G-'/E*+DJ]
M^

P*/BO_K:

O
MPSC-.UFZI.TGT6!K@DT[7


M



2W3D;G7N+ZX)#8_W4]0[2


M*[52M%7;:X=

MC&DWA.BR L'T@VRAL3

MZP;V*M 7(9CZNP
NNVT8AQ\#+_6Y
FZ %'G+SO 3S*]VKVR/C['6DC:]D$


AM5_




-S%@(  *D%

!#'7P7Q  5



 G?'2_-M=;6$95%1Z_P'?2/[BB-%4U9


M/S@
QN:_PAV8D=M*#*
23+EO4-V4%GS


EV=:9\X!


M'Q#J;FM( N($00NT@)&B[3

H: 0*

 ];+!9Z



MZK]02P



/
BQR\P];/%:&K^&UR!6;AS8C5*R;3_HG+01O*)Q5KA

;9G4[JD
M/PK_SYK7-GLMDMT^(U='-&%. 1
O
)L902S[+!&O29SBN_)D=U@G2%8])IX@


MY:H

M!:B!6R=&HQ94N=^@/BLMV
)BK##R/J\#=^LTGZ37
G\!7@KP6H 3U\LLY)P_

M

X


!B+_P9WH%ING&A&
MS:FT_T%]DXJS

'\ '@/P%(!=+0YDG7\BBE2EX$
@

M57B2%?X$B==CXCQ&-D.W


O)UIS-@I.MZLGR(MOB#]Y/[N7D:\[R$\K_

35=@89U/S6V:XT6YV:SR.V]^N?W'6N




P'W

UN*(K/(GK'9SYZPMW]@
U?O#N$

;P)CZ+]=H)H
M4V-D$T3_:



MYC*TLS*-!V0$T


M3QJ32/U&0*J1(.^VB/LLR]Y489NI*#!=W =+:IQTW

M3#=H2\[H_+^)$VP1'7@QV9U?@MX_D=61T+I@?OV28N2'(?C\@;8^AK?U!+

M]VL;2MFL7V+/^




ME6ESO



$^RN1$.;;E0A9?5P.JO'/6J-2#L*/
&UL=5/;CILP$/T5BP]8@R$)C0!ILU75


18E2UPJA[$ +WY4PO)J3:A;+ :)-#*%7&&21CN
:=='Q29RYUED8E1LZZ'
MLT1JY)S*WR=@8LJ#*+@EGKNFU3:!BVR@#7P'_6
X2Q/AA:7J./2J$SV24.?!
M8W0\)1;O \=3&JU1[:3BQO-OA2Y4%H#0&#4EL&:I8K/ %CELC8^#5S!HND

M_NP':J\X.A)S-J5-NJ-P_XQY9;+7(OX09OAJB6;
R6/(A,M&S8%PFR)7$B
M[\KC?;I-$&]ZC!U!_(_'Z





ZR5I_LU=-E7?ZLCE$
M[:F1^6X85)41
I9$55[4X7HYW'MHUDOUTI5%+1^:H'VIJKSYNY&E.J]-]O
M/!:'8]??B-;+4WZ0/V3W\_30Z*OH

M$;;FGM+$%TVD
UR(!D$APFX-4'BF(P:&%WJ000L3N,4:=..G'*75*'C7Q
MM5&2)'2/H+T$81/YOA0FH53];S&A*306)O L&8$V34B*NN?OT9R56C(2


MS'4D/O%X@883^'02S&4&(?);?4-DAZ'Y!3[ !'/!8D16+YF;959C1Z$1!SZ;
M!/-*%GZ_8\[$9 ]HB@&!

2$$PTJ($@%X#KY(J+;\R([#
TR
M(& &+LR

+
M#QI:2$ +'&AM)'?[ALB.PP--22@!B[4C&BVW?,:.\K$BHR 'J2N#;4F2T0:
M)Q/_V$A##0FH@0LU])=E&\XFWB]D886$MA6OU/RNS&R([#$TU)*B&+M60

MC.AV1='5GJK?Y'[/FT-1M\&3ZO3V;-A$[97JI)Z4?=#3'?6^^G)1RGW7GZ;Z
MO!DWE^-%ITYFXQQ==N_K?U!+ P04      WB)%,PJ6?20\  #L!0  &0


9-(
ME_%GS.E/2!


?PUS!^ Q $\!(?XP@(P!







M(\:JZH 1M1


M'T^IQ3O CQXFM=H'MI.+$&\V^%P7*+2&@$*E+0


072






O




FX@VJY8?Q4]A?K5;94?1R+(O:]'H4C:!$H=U^(DL
M'VGB%G2(WZ6XZLE]X+;R(N6K&WS;K\/8520JL3..@MO+13R)JG)
MHZ_ VDX

.S^N[B(



.R

H?C-;$






M'-(E\LH_

/R3

L48(E0K#\KT0
D^!)$C1)
M@AD.$&*$J0S5&*8%9YDA299(01KG&-$JQGJ




;/K&


\AT[OG+A@1.FE./9R!'Z\0HBH(@18RTG5\5UK875<$OBK8=[(4G+XP1
M\7<+E ^E'_HOAL?VWAC0%71DS/\ /6SWPN]0C/+L670R99WGH!3Z3^$FUUN

@Q$#U?8 :6&2
OX



#?G6(;?*C
IOJ

 :CSG=#]^]F&(@IH6B[BKW..G]=Q


M[5!#Z];-$CMW%EG;XK5+9R%(V]-0\6?)V\3UW??9]XKJ^5
A
H2SIZA1^@









M--X ?K

6DQI
9S?LB)-DP5N[\E

M1D$69;%;2N:4DJVEY(MNVQ]_'F0%/'RFARXQ75:06CV$CPB^D9PJO9M9/Z

M3@L9ZFG&S7GMLG8A63]V#_1U,2K_U!+ P04      WB)%


@IH-]@^_O]SO@/&22_DJZH!

MBYUEEHB;9DT+9^FI&^=4_CD!$WWJA_Y[X*6YUMH&4)9T] K?0?_HSM*LT)2E

MP*

T-TF


M/9BY'/ZD8:%%-UX2:+JILK]02P

?13N[%J;(O

.$YS 2 9$(@
1'2)V&7JWT 64IP04=
T%*2EE!&(.A* A%


M$




!2&_PKB?C4V



3.]
KUL^B^

P4B O!7+Q\91B%


$%







&3$.8&$ P*DWIH0)L.3
M

87YI?' ?(8( L@C6$*? D.9PD






:G49BPF#

GU8(CC;'!H-DAEE''P9\T&R;/%4G=&F
Y8=!
&.'4


MF+D CW@JQ%D/[@-7RK.4+V[Q=;L
D5

MX/#^C?VS+]X6\\RU6
OR5[$UAV7(PF K=OQ8FD=Y_B*Z@F@8=-5_$R=16KA3

0$$AP44U3#$ER.$D*)DFO,Z=^)%3G#$V
M?HDM+AG@6![C;.#OA: 
%)0!@F8J8B !FQ(0-*H(PLS\WW(P27Z%;?G$-DQ)
MRK(L&?F63WS#28(P31)8$D;P049 5?$





%
MOA

8X)3C#(8*@:A8@ J=Z!Z










YK_%8B:R6J
M1L&(
%^G&(1D=


-Y*Q3W$C8AH
M4T2T(6*W$F$QT:)$N ]V4?1AK643F$3[7;0M*=Z4%&](VJ\DQ?\]EWL(*P(M


1Q\X+M

M(P@H5

_6^_:RYY(*#G]W=:JR=$G%-1P



3Z

A]IJ(



$%     @ -XB13
]3S=WC @  ' L


MB!=\JXR+3%\N?



M%*




5J1
N#';^DMQ7G2IF_V=YN-^(]$3-B./M+/%TU@]I_-\W<

4U*)IHT*

;ZOF[FM6:AQ*F=18-N

M='



MQ5

MR#IHQ'X5?H2'#4V[@C[QJQ#7]NX\Z$9YD?*UN_BZ6X6D(Q*EV*JN1:X/%[$1

MQH'2
!BG_R8NHM3QCD0_8RO+MO\;;



_9LYS !( AP?)44C3*2 @N*
(LD+I1(L)S8%?
M$&/&6+V
I@O;=;Z8R8
7/ B)26QC@.A+E\<5

D*S


/_\W8[#S

X %5R78EBE(P*\_3*LYLFUQ4*1WYL&/;FW&<_*]I[@0\




Q5PL

RX2A_!<D.LW@E^M.RF[O:)K60GQ+
]?#ZL

1Y7BT6
MS#C
M1?5RE/;JV0GM)EA;M(<A=#







MLGBC[&MA;30QV:U&.RNT6TWN$%CR@BCM:.% 


MBIC73O-:#[@#&

MP


M
F&P$4BJDRJ!H*S:! ML(64*QJ?:GD^8;80R:^4+I

X!WF=8TK(F
BGY3H#M?]6

;@:A;KE]
2AY2EY)K$QI(8DU
M


M/UIB4\ZHJ68'

8X^J






P  L?KY@SC6Y;RXK+=

RAS
[KK7E;]

MVVS3?

N[/#]L-^?19#([WV;%[@_^<5?\
M_9B_+H^[P__^PRR,_O?_U$7__D?A_^\+%?';;X[^-EN[;_9'8K#@_]NQV
6


6N+C?%
M&FYM[;_*-MENE<-I _*H^]^]_;!G?05U34


M#*#


_Q4[D;#+? TZ@/NLOGE:I

MV6.3GO.$UW=;P

 GP60RP7]^S80G.QX
NN!]JU(DMF<SUKB3B=?2M)4Z#




L*30<_8M:'1O._@'^O7:-Y2H9XX3:O?
MP$
G'=3;37D_P)51FQMJ0YC.
_9GB=3C'TW19$I8H8#YAEU:








+
M5-^DF[I

M)1
^_KZ  P=A8+=&


$]6-;?+U

MA\4C.%=VI9MMYY'S45\M#[B7 03^
93(D[UNCE.T]X-.^=@VT%*?T 2)K5

MJX^OI=]T&J2S

<+H)%

4MPCV$CGL?I!
2BNMAHF
YPC!( +[CZ-;M5-K&:)6+

F?:U+E!(^


M60(?=ER@3FOS@!@*\
1:2.8%X7!8%GZQP6*#ME.!#?MT^ A7)1@?R*I[5L





F/1$K(U_!6YPW6^
M(H/P:)O]2LB-/T#/*X.^3'B07AHW0P-+T&?


M1(_\S!F9'C+J@IUX8[0TUB/XKPLHS4#XT.8

?T2_B]J_JLHO#S3 6XT$KIE(82N]MW_YG?W
MAA94WB&369
LS?R3IOXN1VX)T1727%3[; WY@I4C!3
C
E*LZ^-V+_9_1- 9
M:^V)
AY QSNL<I%$8 G;FRP[3X\RUJ4M[V;$2U)
MYW*4%R*;HL1ES18**AUTLZ<@E+J#I+,*QIP+(B#NO61&S,2=99^!WA##):N'
M/DS/K&.% ]@@V-)*2C&P::4F 2T8(/G!4==:;
XD#'BH@[
-*GA4#O08[EP
M%+:*7M7$G]_!:X !62RQS6FHCB
KWIKI2UD5(%22%A@ES8

M0LH


IG:USRDD'^AX4_BN'8*UO&
UAAWU$:<L;DBTO!.UTRVI_^A%ELC&HBJ]9Y7.
M1FC;RDGUI)&-?R2]1G;G0BM]3HB&E/CF5:E0FN8BB/G$1= 3,4O@DZELY%3


LR ]9N[%V@4+1!R45.7$Q$=)LT([R8_ED?6*$)^ZP/
MC-(+5-OG6Y:+X(72.8S@TVX$.!8%5O;W(MR$3S\LC;6^A5PI22B,]XE8=&
M+GS'A7'\0=89N/Y;N0KM\H+=M+'.N CI2^R\%KI='\T8M!LZ(/T\]7[A;X :
MX#*^@XO[Y,M_2FQS%UBUQ&XLH_!IWH$UH38 HLRIO&IW)'A#8_#XH&K$S=

G
M%4$:@W3MF
.4&D^LG27L+2-=+!!P(L3B[6A.(1=





MC*:YD^_P 

G3G.VT60] F;:!+$BY*:)C1B@*_=36
M+QTK1Y4#&Z)0XS(_('_!XBE!.)EZB7?T^F+-6\\+,8*YA:_KAGM5WWX2= H
;C?[!@!3'9#5



=NQ?']$U<&<-K0B]9A]8H2/(@+QLX&S0


5QL'T&XK

/8

MRF\] U(N9L'#H:H
%R,*R6E-U$B?
.M/[:$JDPDH_P?&VIE01E:ZVQS!6X
VN_

MWC@'XZ
&M\)6GG*Y*6YUG/J2=*HWA7+OM#!:H'&7Y?S#NFY8XP



MGYL$E:



M*)W?5:J0@ 
D\[939&V2^**Y/F#FL46F^ J0/GYAOP'&V$:7I#$-?Z!A+9^]
E<_MI=66)6
MI@=X9UV26@=S5ZYNG2Y


M4=7DHU:IN'VL/L:E$8N,X*,,5G+?3:@\/BCK6^;(8O1LOT-W1SM1DM\911
M+[4^DACJ+D%
]4HQ;'

RI4'VY1.6E]KDT++NU



M%\OTG&ASDQ5;! @3N8:AJP?1E 0^(UW2V^=P-HV

M-($R2_)#O1
I3+30ZPI7MC%&[+1BEK T




T;)SJN2%7+8?^ZB5A6 ?#-YQX
MQT)%$S$F
IMGZ\!


M#1I#7/&4PG;T'5





M9*G'#






0MFLU#F2H(PB8+Y
M)*(;K=DS2Z31*BLD;ZY:-45.DEFR[

O/$?


\V#%RE7XG6I2M+*O#P?*=HE*E!




TC$L56E*SIF+4MZX601Q+QD:?BZ54H/1:'@3\G0329!=$L


M.7Q
%S





ADPFL



M2-8CW@FF(=Z  ++Q=YB.&M;4M5B2!BP!!'LJ.1KG8!NCN
Q8EKU :W2-#;[G



/@BT/=A*O.!]IU3#BB

FQ0?MFE.I![MAVD%;NI7FF(Z#DB

J1

=JQ:(.*KRB_N].W])^-9TIQ_*O//:7X0
=0<*CP/I]]HJ.A<1IJB%AQD_2G(=9/IP-UVC;(XG_
HBPA
!)S=6-1M!(83 
HZGW XQ='NF& O_[8X;%

2@O/Y[,@W@.DZ<I*E\-:ZTE10H\ O8*X/DTCTJ!:U)((








MFD5HSHTWB[9T4AFPYPH&BP)5J+$F9

M*_CP5\)

6RE&'MNTF1])B.CA K_NOPTQ$


M#$X6WF6' TFRHMU;=^B9XE0@Z
L84^ODBV12IB0'5*



.YO.X%F!W W2-_D5I.AC
 


M$@L^X)R+3X'L@GAP3:.;#$=H*)8AGEF#7
&I7Q.-
\/A

M3 GQS@


%$R\?<RGO2*.QS<%OAB&4

H03;'B@@
@6T2&
)-^EL-?APG-=.PUFK]6-9PX_IXR%[$%




9/40?Y[!3U%(C)7M:L('O;*@6'&/#&(.

G5+I?SQQU?H[H+7%2ISZ;VJUV!K94/RI@:QB'1DZ$@-&[Y0=.6%
M?X




)VR=^SU-/ &*F=)[]9PZ\PS2=]AWY37FL_J\Z\?SW/?'Y?!Y$
M43I



22Z3P]#

MWA12J4:W?U]6(-A@$B0=1_+0L



I)#V;W)5%J)V
M+A


M(G$]WA

Q5BQ31H3=5]FJU_5
NW6+#0!R./%LM%)?H'6


M3_#2-J9_T


$5C -DODL





L%#@I-L944#0@HX;=+
8O$


M&00B2KQN%

2K2%?;*V6M

MKRAUG1A4U-FO.B=P#2_4F/*

MYW1+B-%6LOZZ$P0:C(XI9F]?^T5/1B4]BLIQ%5C
G

F





M]\CE:

0GN


Z?CO=5#H_%_S]WQX +X9)3!%4?QR@2




;_%




&


8-_$UNA19UA;W_ KLF.J5U36]H: ]0




M%Q 6T6^RH[JCFSCCMN4C=O(K)94[2NN1D@W19#5I69[_&3%_:'E_&%;K_P
M0DX_#P0JTR1:\JO:/I.
:UL09PJD(N[2/IP.
B/O],X._)_/H4[\R*@9JI4
MPNM27^N_^*KCL2_9NJY()OO&RP5R?OMP!&C)BNTM0=/6/Q4+Y[S1ORW6GPR
M]G\I2;3^R&GDKJKRRT
SM3 3*6RE]_:OOK.FE/TS)_[ ]*!;PBHG2.:M/I\X
MN (HM).ZK%


MDBPQQK8&$+DK59H?6+C2XM+%8CX!B3RC&N2U:(*..V /COB&4?3!!-G:GBW%
MY1NK[
A?J-EW2W5\PD%T=W0.07G U7:+@M


M+J0C9=

*

OSI)'6J+O@%RGH4WBLGSH5#390?





H
MTFZ];*6=#+3[Q2HC%3



MBS'9^O1 !Y![






U6US
3HB/W]F2








W1PW-X5R[90CTF\8SF-L3$A6W(0Z)&=Q]!L

M'%G^PB=AD)Z^%R38]WQ\\@(Q01OUE/=P$@/:U:WK;R(&49E1S.$*J\V(235A

MZNMQA^+'(#4


M:?S^SY[,!\KS$K8])FF+$$CRA*$7B\!BQDMTLM7:=+IA4R*DN-]O@#)Q\R
M;KACY6D%BT@H\8O)%[\R-CN%Q?:G?N.A $8_S*75_OMO&I\XS9J]65Q-R5

*TRQUJY


91./0?-1AJ/+[1H2TX^
M&Z0H\07J'8L;XIB[KT'I;#

9[5+
0%(=1

M^WZ(QA/:Y?W48S6_Q_-')\ZO$BVTEU 76R#K51^KWEJ!:#9E3D4RRB6JM[7[
MLQ%#K TAS\8

D4NIJC^
58A4Q.$RX&!GC?





MIGYNZ:BLS78%B'_KV[%+&






M&7.@^[6=*NBO-

@]48'@/S

MH9QFE*_

02WO XB_6*HTXB@=J2*K4
M$_PA:DH4!4 .BIO;C#8(H@FLR //*&#4W69/J4G)F'0CY/N7
GHO0)M^P4

M
YUI8;]I'%.1KBE6X%#:J+-611,(SC&9!K,J.H6O(L9#!O%N I809Q@Z9M4
M*GO -),X@@='%8_*8P-$)APO9X8R/4



V3P!2
MH3F?3X2%F()DSE60D$^ XTCI=

^

!^ZV:Y3%^9Q'640

Q&Z4[%&USG-]8[B


[9AZV2!I*1\L5A2
 'N






L0S




^]-QBR^_K*C*+GGRH-XL1E5)
M


15GY?U:NYUQ%^4HQ1=X%)7-6GPG?CGQ[

(B.'2$)O;.
+Q\!MP'B3\6+1'J^STA77%28NYYP%IWC=!Y/
M^N0M[[MWG<*XGG+



ZF3/9EA_

MV/P$&J5HCV@TVHNMJF$SBD@1B :AD$K.QY-%HV-?DCZDND#9)_


M 7+3$H?4

=)\


#.


M. -JN%A

M

:9IT)3%^Q!4!D'@\1Y
GFZIG
%(T[_=$F ;S*$3.S)L!A8'!?9\D0

M#CXC62[Z.J2Q9[D
L(M[U[:;2521M9H /
S%YAM&J7==WASN0;0@?YO9; K_
M!2P

IV


-5]


MUF9T-&KMI



//=Y&T+JM\9TML]N129

MA&'W AL6HFC%
?=#&7F)G*OM&ZOGL:9&SD]V 7+89R^FM,C6U.I8?YL&E;




6(?I
Y3H&*)PS7#QAN

 #0;L#0U'0;HL\#(7E#@S6$VD[.'W8AC8KGG88B&9M;?+I(;
#

M7HR3;E+Y&P-D+]]\_WSPM2;A[S9M_W/[5C/TTX!O&M)ZPF
\PVB8Y[I0S&DA


MJ
L.3^6,'3-Z=,H4,7
MTH@-/$6-V1.@]'@[E :;M8=H-3Z;CH87[CGQI_=Q+S4=<6N]K&,6[L4A=3
M,MRB(V:IV]1BQ?RTZ4)WR&/OR\XZ!E'!@'771PX$Y$?2NE6-[_KX:=T[DRU

M_981'K?9G##(4\TZ)PQYLIWYE.4]9G


!3'7\4RT]1*4Y/
MN'0E2%NU3I6VJ5+YL'VJ#'' DB^IXU#2]]F+[
GF2T@@@[$QF$#:%V*?8__/




M

MXQ) JZ
DH?E;2B:
.^F@1!TR%)



MY_5QKMX*^SHKBE?Q(\^


N&%?+)+:?0_]0_UW3VQVJ1Z+3-Q



M9CL\%







M9^L84B;I

2:EDCZS2IJ9KVT4
M(\HC$;-'CH2_'2?&I)02

-U$?8U)JB9C5TNBWBK-O
MTE:G?:.^B+.A\G@U)2)7*I@UTY+,K&I#03

M:%+BB9C%L^M 'EZ6.FN634H^$;=\J 04X7E
1
DG8I;/M@WXGT

M.*4=D&)


2D#Q=S-


M=W5DPIB4@F)F!9&820\_RD%9*&&V$
9L]-:VNL28E(429@MAS(F%/5G__E7\

M(UD-Y)M2!O=8$\IR0DM-)+60.# ;4V,25DH.:&%_BA]6A_:J/S


M
MRK7[EKF)2%!K6%NO7&[N9JKA;:J/DW.(2#[U.9I1
KJI?M$V]17#W7 I$V
MNX?OG@R(I/J^WL?NN?2;?P%02P


M(*









              ( !MP(  'AL+W1H
M96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      WB)%


(D4P13R&?*@4  !P9   8              



  !@
M     ( !BB



M971S+W-H965T.2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      WB)%
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ -XB13ONQK2J 0
MD 


BYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4      WB)%

4
M  WB)%,WLLWQ:P!  1 P  &0              @ &0




M A0#%     @ -XB13 ^?E%FJ 0  D0
  !D              ( !4S8  'AL





M3+8[1O.J 0  D0

O

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      WB)%
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ -XB13*+Z%PJJ 0  D0,
M !D              ( !FD$  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970R-YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4      WB)%

.GZI 0  D0
  !D


MB)%



  !D              ( !1TX  'AL+W=O


YX;6Q02P$% 
4      WB)%,-;Q)1JL!  1

Q+GAM


M1XBK 0  D0
  !D              ( !^U


M970S
RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      WB)%
/S8.

M% 







M  @ -XB13#2ZHAO) 0  _0

M:&5E='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      WB)%
-S%@(  *D%   9                6!I  !X





M4$L! A0#%     @ -XB13)7G#*/( 0  6P0  !D              ( !#7@


2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      WB)%
X;AJ
M:L@!    !   &0              @ $


  
D/   9


M-XB13

M='





M;6Q02P$% ,4      WB)%






YX;6Q02P$% 
4



M A0#%     @ -XB13.ZH $DC @  6P8  !D              ( !^)0  'AL


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      WB)%
 -5S3+P$

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ -XB1

O





]3S=WC @  ' L


M2P$% ,4      WB)%



&UL4$L%!@    !2 %( <!8  /8M 0    $!
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement

      
      

 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement

      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001062993-18-001699-xbrl.zip

6ERAC6[J2XEF^Y$!$DT0, @P6
MR<RO?U75QH@N('@*N;


^K+PSF
M]7S;\08_O8BC_EGGA1%&EF=;KN^QGUY
6/CB__W\7W__/V=GQJ4_&KN.Y?68
M\:]QP

H91-'[U\N73T]-Y3SWR33V!'[XTC+
S
M\=HO')I7!D!S7L7/^6H!LR+XW+MB+TR:_2_NO'AT_U9M5VM)L]?^N-)X R&
MD?%#[\=\(O&QX\WY\:%ZQJW^




MD:  &&VSAD(W\=1,),NW9?PK7QQ')X-+&NL?MRWP@?ZH?B7BTP_/F_#./O
MR(%7(9'JEO4-XLBK:#*&;1 Z(%5(-_K




M[&F=U:M%


MNS]C;GF

=%7C@(!T^
MP^3/\A$[IY=]


]2P

M2Z![?#S^-?8L0-
;!+'WWO?M
(K[_4O_8V0?'X





M[/UGW IH)0S






M[]


BWWG]TS
M


M)\7B;P QXN9?0TP4J,Y/JWECN.?_XO]%XGM4D9Q+0$N0[;Q5AFQOE)-$^B

GA)BVGYDF^3O*5DJ_F#F;*OHD=%RG#





5L
WG4<01X4@_O)S/$)V^CJ_

M=&D%P004P!?+C9DAY/:6]7-K\E\8^%[Z%N71L%G/&5EN^-.+ZHN?.\U&MPXK





MK-4ZM02




M9C;;IFDN7O$F8'T&J-MWD=_[NOZ56RK@



^2!1C^]%D/2FM5QO-;J.N;[#L NNMOT#-
M=MJM3D




6'%W




M4R^5GK'L^J 5


M:H!+[;S:7


MY_41EX5C




ME('8 5JL*UUMG&S6LO5/Q:9 


MR;+-^W8;/
J]Y]O 3EHE3W+SMOJ6L)[.Q3M OZ8(K8K[-5L@V2[L[B)$+$DE


U8N#\H%#4[C3JZZ.O JJ;8WUI/GV_!0Z\



U+7JM3UGGO/:VMAL-AO9?-3BX&T+T=49

&ZI6JW8[[45V3$D+N
P

NZ!;JEWSO7_3^C)V  7N

\U87_O!U.78+W-W!

_0Z[
M*+#T-;




MJX^4V09OK);JQKS


M:4XU0

MKM_[6H2N/_^/&[VF/'?CP0]L%B :1H^Y[MBR
E]?&WT XBQT_F*O#+,ZCEX;R:]<:QSQ_)/XK=]:^2XDU=&
MY(Q86#%.(_ZKU\83XX=#7]Z85:KW[_XGT'T&BB'_Q\@?:!^
@V0#$Y ^^G
M%Y$_5D\W4\_*'S_@9^8Y_O'EP]2K7D9VSNMS7C
VQ(I86^?T)XHNL]&:HL[(



M1*W$I(Z&@1\/AO2[
'X('=NQ*(4']BB6^\C5;I@_!NH*

WVZ]  ER4&KZ2'
M
%P.8=



M@%+/?5C(8DDB(;'G@QPQRVOP@53Z!Q\B\YRV%]2(!K0BS?(ZFBN-\W?K@;
M
N\O^/^/\

[7ZWO!R/X:^R!MB0!



H+?&@2
'UJ@ED&



MT%V1L2[87R'QD1*=




9/2_4\SNJ8
MJ-QN;H X4XGRM@6SA]M)4BD=5%E:MP%
 2S\4;^-O?_J:Y G^3?YWO!OQ-
M_HY


S.P#].@:^AHQOW

M]Q:X68-V


2Q/$81DWA\B=QR=\\
M

M/2\X:&

M;/
+2&1J9A:;&[3



-:T)0D





OWPM0^]B8)$WL]+V(
;2(*LRCQ2+X

/4D16


W58Q
M4/V%AMD][WPO;D*2Y#A@49JDX_ZO!RT_U(GR*)TL=S?I @U+TT
GV8C_%
J
M@0GEX8O


*;\S]&%2MFH.A[[=X3 =6'\ 0Z@IV+#T'V^2)4G;%
M&J+// ?!LN%3S%3#+*(0WGHVLK[2&4F7PQ/0P[ 9

MQ@@V%2A!@X%Y$_

O
8XBZR2OKP F_AD*+/UF!K70L
MK)Y*Q0,($2UOX.@6!P6LC#D-]WP)@3A'\&RCFK9Y)0SP]0S*[U/-M&7J*E
M2.;-)MQ2YGDV\7=&QN_M)69_\USRJ4C!G+1.]JWGQCA% C9@-5EJ=3;##PR

=I%M 7EUBXM2
MT-6NLOI]RPGXIQ9L

)^8[22*I2-A93O $\OJ9


1V-N_9*=;5$K.Z2,10EC!V-N/V)Z?%\O@$^
MJJ40T]]M56(D,J91BDZ..

L?A:







F5]ZS_FK=-(


M .+%'D2?&RV/ 'QS/!ZB!-R]LS%**Z=2D1F()F\V BL)^56J4L=4J+& 
1
MO)-0Q/

]


MA



M86OC3

M9]_[1I
QBIJ;J T+78='U!7*OJY^C^PWJ]_S]^3#(
5R/(
85BCNC
-L?3_^



C(3=Z647J%W &0?\%);5H-2$]?A$L(


18JJ!/CP7130/'N1



=!/KE3\\)PK%
Z]'
M']!=%TMJW++WCHFM.K(F=&X]

/_(H!M71$G+
UCHB
JAAZ





M




M=?#VG*2W+ 3CL\
 &SOZ8DI5@2HT
F.EFK-<H5'BF8\R)R(T1IH%#9S.$%;SE)








(S.!-X6N?K




LN$OPCC7;=.B $@;7F?=V2A BK:5A,TJ(P_G!O%/W=2(
M( B3U$)
OT#6]F1YK!+HA
.9&ID@YBX 8YE

4\9O-62-Q9GU^KO
\)
M(IDAY/-O_L1]F7HT

M^(1__'#&[.




WT%!J=-)&'!AJ&%6)P=2A4;QZ6 ]]

1
?)2\M!1[(
;\
)#KW
M7
L9H4I*ALW@P+)(7Y7#&ZG4N([ ^E0'!:SP_PXZ&7[9U*2@-J77@7
*'G



^O%*(0:2PKCZ
=%&!!S4VJ


Q!Y;DC-JM_ ISEH3?VU&HNA<H&Y2(ZTGC-;<G&??)C69HN00
M[_E5N;H($(MA&C*1ML);(DBS4OE!')ISXSU/':Y,0YG32QXO8_2KR<3\4&Z9
MRHG7TUM0]M+OET,STR7:JB_GVKWP3O7IPGS#
Z ]^PAD+9LV9K Q=O5\)P&
M-V+QM





M-N)_V1QDVM@T#$J*1GVVBGTMZ

.NF2K
M02D=.!:

BUQI

X*3N-





M880Q='%TP4:7TMYH@:OGE


P;.];)-%BP
M3*U2K]8KU59]OWDMHR)6[^L@P&XD
C(2#!Y^J-6K%:-6[\*_FLT?7^=*QEN0

M0%^NWFU(SS2KU4JUNDC

9 T9
M8/8%_



LAT;QQ!5)
2=
;7H8*1'_BT
OWRH9[
WD]I</TR&T
N/*
1Z)JZ+9 &NN*#4

M!2O=

MHE!KG&^1ZJ3:E#7]3O9C?*LU*KM*).XR:'+&S)LX4,C$(APBT./:($RXJ!

%S!Y)!

1W:L =/BSG!'OA%]E'OH3I1R)

MJP^8:;7UF/9&%O9=^FI#GQBV28;5UV
8K_$W;BAKL61.@9\WF
2@(BVGLAS;
M*L^';XU2^'8]WL .._%M#M^:Z_'MBT\IQ[=\\O5-X'^;$.V2=F5WW*/ 7RFV


M-/
9OHJ==)B;6P^0T[^S$(M3JOUL*;6=&&.#\R+#1*Z)'U!'WCL!T]8;FJ






3X )LX1WUMJ&:



M

2['/DI$?TJ#




UJ:ELJ6M


/1Y<L#JYL+9:DE  )MI^D)S1
MH+EZ6BN8E.#GS#&:8+#24C][44'
V'34%\733FF]PR9V\G29!+A7WI6HI*%
M79+X;;Q_T3(43PTH3
EK85%

MZ':EE0#+@4=


\&?G?:@YKM']$(4IBLW-9H\K_P*?29G*U%HI%RO#^(J2]P$%QYL&D&
M&



=*C#^@ZF27UOU
C



MIN]\- 45SN+4\T'
O4K5/5O

MA+ZI4*(30O'(





49&)
(K0




F\P2IPL4?+4:K]#
O2' =SHYG_-O8OS&K+VLFR]1

J%#9H^HE&VEQB0/32=HL&_*UV
MI=-6 H8(;/-*7(H24,Z+O/',Y=D+J0X=B?*4N#H^ 5DWA7/'!KC)!J\@%T@

Q%V+Y!LEN0B'






[W8VN2?!G$;+K=;3@$J^ ,H_C47:C \93

0U;=(Q]ZWJ


$EEX?0+





T6C^.*?VTSYEI9E5/

XC8
M5H%


06
&LJ
\4DT0BK%A3FGW^



WPH-47=-J6C['J5GBCB%B526LZ+:H V*ZRW


MQ
9@:DQUBX93.8QD:9[R-YF:W.HGX23YI$N])E/^IP()!]?PPPCV0 Z@XE+V
MG%Q





C\I$*]UB
+[J9XJLA?A








M0-=
#O4-$!/-LPV]_B+B22[\+H3B
AM:Z58UN2@SJKA)WGZV1F08R\O5S= %

K5



M^.J?Z)TOZ.J9%AO' 9#89CUG9+DA4/G%S^9YM:K5*RR+@VJ G
2N1)/)Z_XE






ZP\#\L








9+8)87


M[Z/XB9S$(.8Y)


MLT





MY/3NH;3VCA0IS41
M!^
2?(.#=UMO
QW
P1V5DUM5]\\'L'W1K@$_S _1;%#QN9M_1\L[RMO X^F
MJ._D]\+4IL

M'R'+40[ET\Q+&F%%[IGL]
Q7@H_Y0K(M]P3G\V&G;SMFN?;3$GL^?3/+'6!O


M?3;&PM-DR+J/OPMC\


MM/GR8-F4#/!JLP;WY@W[;7D06_94GB'A]LB&R&M6QP:.Y^$EU(/EXC8JQ:XJ


M LM$X\:J'Q(HV


M%M*R:5DI



OCN9
S8I.N=XX[5)CKRYG6SX.LT[[



E1'\



M]][QG'#(;&/@^_:*V^YHRXK;E3;LUDYWO3:CIUKNE8ANFJ CJT#YSDZIOD?;
M=:]Z!1Y'N;!9K32[]4JCNF_MZ$Y


MZ$=NSX?


MPP_4Z3-VV;P?Y0&W\[)^9FWY7$VSE7P?!2]) $U153(PVX$?+\!JOAI3'QU/
MOL\R%R
%KT4V%K3;5@9*^6&FY7)\-@+/2F'RPZ?MK

M

K;7*!I8X?&B19[

M6?P 'GFU7JMT&YLZ@N8.YGLF-&Z N]N%DZVY71J?#K/B+]ZU C_18CDY/CQW

MS#PQGOQUAN\,IK?STMNFLJ1THGR5C/F#/9MS+R0T8*:
B

M.8_






M^.:$9_)B[Q
]-[=!6J-=K3;JS=H2Z!!\Y:'2*AN59J?3:IFU[O9168XKZFY*

M]XL_7T3(?@E$S%:M46OM*V-60:39:'7:.^#(?+U;;W5;M?HNCI#YJ95;[;J
MK6(2K$4N]$Q?^+/+\ _P],7(#R+G+_I\YIO7HJS9KM9KW89&V;+ V@6NSJU


MBS!D47AJV)OUC?0H0

!
+@$Y( O$#BUZ\VARJE=[R96

)RB0(OR\2&Q66G#:






61

U@2C


M_LGZVP^N7L,29^&_X7H*PEH9&K4 )X).9K4)^;:I5P:?7!I4B(8AR.W#E
M7*]E'HS=$(GEBLW6(HAM 39




M7?69V2YY V
R]H@(!S0




M

MTQ/EX0WGWU87(D[

@#S





 GPIAF8M<UF7X=-IJ[C+=&E%=^D?5Y%)

MXT;H7@GF)XV=Y1YU=1X11-;0@P5#%=([]7@LJY+*1PH$PX4*=631Y

[9



:8J\*I
&YISF)ZQJ=1ST]BPJ8A)!;Z25&X_H#/V

M%'E$!1%3UJ;JC 7%8F L!G;R
;!:U(9YKDN[:D-\)2I



M_=P0]N(/PBM)/Y$L TDR2Z4Q




U=]-\7E[=?

Y
W0I43HE
M=U5V.O@\V.\QZ#'4L[[E.%O(P!9#/QZXZ#G

MD
:TR34+ -R[/%O.YN\XC)S1?(6KJ16

3_(UI_[XAAOY7G0VLJ:..W_-



&W@4.

0



YUBR$R\M/QXA@+<_ 
MT4:
\I]0(*




M(HI51!



MN1.94;?;WX$F=Z(BUF2[[IV'I#N2?-]RN1@'CAV[41SL;;1S-S'.XO/*FRUL
M0YFAJ5.





ML+A
#Z





M0G QSKF;:'C.G(DN2^-.HNEDG GS7-@O.7PE=J\SFRSHO*RW?QK:\3/:Q=D3
M%_JN

M9JKJ!M#YX$C' 9X'.?8=9O?9CU#XQ9IC_+8=1P.-X$67OPL&YHA&E 'YIX
MI6!J38&IFIJBB:7!I(2B[Q_]9RE:(12MR$)?#H-Z/V5%D55TE2CNP2=$4S!
M$$11ZPU!3P+TO)#N'TFG@IVRVI(HJK98:+.J@H*X8B]86LK_TX.#VJ3H6Z
MAY(Z*YS]$M77SL
0IIJ[(J*VD

MY

MWI%UCFA(OP@[8YA T41!DSM-V5DAE25!Z8COF 7N'!&17E%VQEB!*4EBI^DZ


M2(%^=O-1)J1HI$%+$246A?; CI9

'9A%
1O'RTO




%
2



MQ/M3]L0:15GLP.G@%^[E2F

M8Y3R*U$M;V769/GDMG-X0U=Y01#J (8R%[#3***(63OC(J:RKUD)^W;)E:F$

MRK+H4!611]Z$D-JR1&6!5T61UUI.'3D-9/\@&;RI&+Q
H6I
KC58:7$_0?B(

\M




0L





.(;)






MYV%5R-G%;;]*%J\:R5H)K?8$GNXI![?&&M/5X$7J2VD1;9V-$3%D=8=Q*;/A
M

7% @KI15(]

M



7Z\+.UAE^F_G]RR._GCN;L#54[1_M
M9ZJB;A@;9_NEP%

M#VW3?1I

M)T%G.V6[JP3= '24$C2VH$^5I%-A[Q%15PW?\4KJ(_[:?#J\G_^*OWT!9^WF

M!



TJ;3^8^23[QTG0%5E/W.+[\DX078O72^J/+?6




R!;ID=1J2A\*:L




$E


U8Z2V74P;-+G16!F+SF
M8#;!7F^PH

G=QIZR2Y2U9
M^G5\E$H&Z1H\;2N(:GO8/=N_+J5W74-SK= DJ:&D^ZP]A!0*6K %:7E!VI8;




DNV*U<@HO(:O %_5





PTVWHT31;NA9HF;+A1J)C AWHGR =I+V=SORC6CNF!Y+IQX!9-
M 351!A:\E&E+^#YQ)Y:K7$/0-^.;JYMEH9!MGEGN[_9GV48[X3AM[^)
K=BB
M[35BIB=RU5?$LUA878V6JXCC5%3^F\LYW.H$3+O]SM!')7.EMAW)T3 Y1]BA
MJ4JLG3; ;0:D3A$3;5-T_8V/JPA8]**OQ'ZS8]JUT$DLRFYC8Z;;5GQ?MH%Q
M_EV'ZAKI%MAV*!J0W&M:3.^N3C?QN]N@N!W5O!O




MO]S5H

*2=4=\[3']?W
MO_YS=0O?WW_$E^M8*S$/5ESVF8B*_ /L/EKN-I[AJFV\N;SN5R!#4M[0)N


V.KRM5ZADE <


+3UP-0$X(

MO*H



M'%]S+_4FM&^Y=U1ZZ&N5K

MGO7QJ -%X*?W4*H5_L
D7B%55U+JFG6L8J*J+NE4D_0^:2ST12R7ZV%.D=QB



0'WL]N)DKM*3SO:WWHGVVL_38
M+C/WAHK(

MW$L

O:EK
A/
M*]V4(:L[O)7257UFSY)47FB8'=!0V3I(]V\X*IDC[M+
2J&//KX)TT+5-D/



?G+Y&\_
MY6^E?84[*EPZ&;JF$HO4!IJ3[_M]@@MV -[N(HSW;G&-$!J^C0

M*0!ISP$DJH)0(5#D1YQH9;E)#5?RY
5&\?Z]?V6Y[F(3'I9^E:Y5ZVJ5F%@S

M


7[Q[8@\MV'(5XKX5/$@&V!(@QV]!J/8



M $]2[(BQSD43Q


7 :A\/






521%3@!3%0D&6L5 =C-%KEOPEUA69J_0

 M!I718VS +AEDP56.*63 +P:#V7 







DF8*DAK)NRL#H/71'JZE2 &G-]$L3I'73
M;QE8[U?A^P;)5S

M%5$L0+-M096-/D59UP0M/X&V!E568M0T02H)5@





UXH&.<
M[;-*]R:^H!2.D IW.X7@\#PO3 5G 5 LPQ0'H_4KRYE.YY5+7 Z*SZ6%1AI
M9GGSY$A6

%



M1OW44O^(4?^V1ZV!IZQJQ]T!235Y63BH!##]C^ M_^(O.!C


U
M;(=E074RG=:US03#E@XSH'?DE])FUILLY.)[S:MW8+JT$ON8O$:0C0PJHC


O7(0R9C#LVTQ0N^'S0
MA\B+AO9U8XV:D
E


M)-

MP$5)LSLJ&]BGKLM9H?6@ _L-]2AOLW];0S9/




M=V=7 M#Y?&Y[?]S-_\5?@G$Y.&= E9N 2B!.SH78.[,K024;_&'F]]!
_NO$J .,(^C4<!]-?KN\F
M^$OEKMJLJ&H16'=GV ):*]O\ #DQ]]L[V/T=/.E:J:5%4&5S:+0IDRPS.(^
M /T#A?PVO;E:WX*-E3^I8MLC\RP!_2_NPV_+S^]!!/Z!O\+[(K96@*]L$)
ME@:]*Z\_O47\AE?)+_:84D#:Y^M55E0BM/YP6F6 /WFYOOLKZLOO_]FWQ?*

+XBUV_&OU'%Q2GS*^


MLO5


0-]S[PX]D6 /AV[L+;N G P&V'

%VRI$^#YX9..(LC4 L#%#TBE$C+F15$SK*)XZ(D#T_2
MCZ
S?W0V Y
!1;@W%O)P0=_


MK84'OHD
D2T10R+/FG/T9+(*Z;)RZ;P4WMEBT!2[
-RP2%WQ60W 2YP.#1
M4I FLAI6



Q?Y%T$50'Z
M.ZD7WAGA_X8+QEHTT 
=*0CD[[+V-[N\(C.^F 6.R\F')@Q+#5;48L+K*28R





HLR\']S_7L*AQ?
M3G[_-

26]!

M%GG14'A9Z%(SX]4
:-1Q.#X0!8MS*QT/
^XX6#9TZJ8T9RHOR/)O20
^\H
MP!9]?)-)Y9%(6_F1VS]_H=%^])(N\K)B4G V9(=T+J&8O"H5.Y:/1)CXI


M/^+3)&0S3%O;CE:-FRLUA)P.[%_1T/R]:ZA
9[5IAZ(R<17N< (6Q&Y%F4OX*
MX%67FI&#3XW&[7 ;4@?JJWN/
ONCV_ARSBVO-4%_.PG!]CP 2VZ(EJ+IDQ+




A






QPS#
M5D







MS03]J Z
MN-)IE-'!+D<5-)?Z\3)VW*'CC7/%5JHT_G/6OO&JK/.B7-<Q3)4VQ&@ 'Z+$
M:^#12'I;/1WI(/R<88MT5OADV1/'0T&)D\HZ$X#6)9$7I.('R/1#Y51U:\/


=-V






W

':CD/-'W'I1R3MW-Y=7CUS[ 1=-

0U^&ML
M.#+UXY5RC9/:I@)\FC#DO@3^R$G=9*YNA8@B3)B]J4J\KJ<GZ'RRMC46%4'

!F!66JJWJK$J*;N%-X5==X=:-Q'Y.N/9))_8&$=ND:35# )=%U

JW+]]C03J$R@


--9U50

*UJ[)=)4
H9.%1?(-VU<?O!OJJZ_8[[8F9!$0-BR+@&2/


L:+4OY#!DZ6TN_\4?1H!:@+JRN8O*;1GA)8


MDVD/]


5[C^'MZ#WN;'?GN\
^D[ A 9H+(7D72\U@N]-$+9F:9!J:



MIBV

MXHJ9BE14#,N.T.@LB8*ABY(U2'SQK$&C@O0H9.V!$Q K+GIH)?$2X,X[@SQ
MBK(ABJ9@T(7D_FDQH3R#VBQHL
Q*5&'.X+O58G%XK$H#X#,H@.[0N1GNFF
MI,B*FCO8M,)$G6CL#%5*DF1JNED6C2L[S;;]V(OKX +YP$71))J@9Z949NQ
ME*






M


'(:1W=G2-G0
M%*7@X2

48'@X&[GN


\/O6R3R/&S

'R




$&DHP_Z+LYD/-]!;,VXN7/P9*,#&,(_SK!VX,DMUACAR5M)
MH0$7K&H+0FYB850Q\&7$&ZV/
[W$#='5@C#!U )C N_B':?!OGA)OHF8*Y
M!@J0$!CF61AA%/A3SD[H#O00\H:P*'K#:@ Q 5A&L*8
#DD3[I$29@I2P

M;
?TP3N1$@/Z)'9!! 1HY

_=6RRL#








-+

?7@%F3

&R8!K?C
M3TFS\\2^M)ZL!1^M%P)  9YD!E,NU?*6(M6RYI%N:Q3B+<P'^@<N!)M@05
]))#+7K2E 1/(X\#&I[\,-]Q%[-%@X$
X U$+(:&


M'I JX3=0-T[D!^&FGIR!+0&?7& /-SSG?G' =0\6QLA*!1+6P(;*=%&4CG\$


']G
M'0[:K^:U7EXN6=_#.P_[2F%[ZAG%R-!Y2!&\BZN;=Z6*%Q6DZ:Z


J+KV@6#\!2


MO'H:!.[/_S]02P


M\_


MJIBXF)W6!=?\E42R&+]?AB_CI-C&.+R2ZWY[J6_=- E)#J'53?E=QNH4T!







HIXJ-O8LTV#-)J:%
%(%



)K

MDYT_BK-#$4*6?&0S4//]I$GVRT#0_]@*.;:?GU75[#Q3I59FQA^P/AMD%T

0@
^/&S8P=B_'MN!?V.#4:%^J\C%G/P7AV/Z

VL6M$.ARHJ.6E-GJ$
M]2%2D3%3QB9OH\U&8-)YM4VG[H:DA) %:&\A+;Q#/ZQW:5H)64
.G\N$UG
M#%7UK0)$#ES;0:Z_')A*&%:%^:=#WH@2RP7()/K3-M$4
HS8QJ 5X?PU%\8^





MCN$K9LA
;9

N'3AD:&P&9 <_L3&M50&4;K5I3=0!]LZ$

\F



/::JJ


^PZ^VT
MKVOM3EMN5_VN0 Q

MJXB80#Q3P5[XFIS@BJM@XB7\,X@(626#_R6BIJ%(^AAL]YL/U:#Z.]X#Q^

##XM()N7I2%GA0^'2+_%?U74?W\DM9%J/#^@4$2#3)5)!-!Z7#.H'.*P
MQXTY_* (#I/^5/ M=?2X8OF[G$'F(+D #)/CC'.


MU@]^(H:G-K

MXY.




M*>0DQ7&8_*

 TB0G.^?=&9+I(.'R9<9&O!WB//
M:.;KNR\J=Q%P%]MR;!RNV:S6:*-+A6H(0UF%1GSLP'^;PS1-@P)A,$;J*


M7*:+
Y2F+T4YR]-;%=:E2#<
M!U
-6?9W(VK(!

:.@6PX4;I7:\)^-7525]PAY3_(J5R$'
M*0# ] %FP-2FE\*B:DJS!\


M6\B[U]_YS0[BB31I8IA


RS'
M1&?1

&P.DI!=CUZ3R


M99#(4#EY9TR&YG]=+CSMB^(X!I[8Y%'T &
:?*7B)3-^+GYROH;A<PD/J
MA6[/H-4V.AO14JS+4/^.%\+^5/MZJYR\(6R9*+?^QK\]W7 )XQ5.0E1#]


MI/$%GL'$L VS/C*F!8W(#4J&'Q ).G^



M)N%MNIY!;DXDF[U6^X9DFYPOM3&]!&*M6-'TI2%RAP


MM*71F]U.)56A:TU::I-XMMZYB8]0\=6AAZ$R[\)@ ?S9S*$[)^F1*)WH6
-]
MV:2W79\%COO?!MF\L[Y =VT)4?DC




MB\F56G6^NUBRC
+4&IS;$Y/20=ZWX\0=GM#QS2I38#6='

M%#VOOIMY'JSC
M%Z58G?)+FRQV6C4H]MP4,L0.AA.8H?AH[$;7CDFARE%G
M3N*M;=]+WBB:IW!QB1*J6^@
4I9W
Y.76E&^DPG9/1\?0JG-D=M

UPNMY/9CNG]_4
MNN]CASS]'@;-R.2GK1CG5LGP\7]?

MZ9G-D9\;@_'X8=!];AS0;)NP49L(#2(HIT+IC]MF4)E




MO5V8WKNZG-R



M;=QR[K67K='Z?B@EBTT45&9

[?AF9BE
Y'Z*Z31

M%O%N27X/='GH=K&0:3)QRF:7U$%*AD+6O$?^P72.XX)ZWHA

MPZ-9'*9]HD^'7GU:?QHLQ:R4AU4Z VU_Z&='=[N@[^A_@'IL:M9BOADE/QA@



:JNAP
L
MC1HW;=@5*J0Y.W7(9@P1RC65Y?:A.BRXWUY#ERA\L6*=G2&2#_B#5#K:4%



D
L3H]R(PJ-6I3$GTD'2]Y]-@8C#9NQA&%*-=:83%%.J_J
M](UV






MJ=W5'^;[6VL;;R-Z0+].\+
//2

M(E


MW

M*Y3ZB'3
:M@*I3XF'3.;K8+IRZ9GV*+T#*R/[0P'S7E=-BUNH9AV0 I[$RAD



M:

MZQBH


MFK1%HHP4F@OG/QBWY'LQE
C)VLBK 7GEVK0EI-/S0AW<Z+4Q=+':

S[$]

:/Q

M$;J4_P\  /+9   4    86QN+3(P

C

PHYLOI

Q8\^(XLEU).G%
;]1'#SYE@^3WNC

MA^'D5E*RR2UFF#YA_TW:3AA$7]_+?QX0PY
7%KQGW@JOT9QX1-G1R6A7AYH
M^(;0Q]GI\?';65%+2R%_37.RJ7PT/3F=OCUY\\+\HXD )&))WQ:=Y.2PQWJ



BC?#(6?YDT3@


MKM;^OR!H_]Q_DJL%=A

+%



]+ &E]AV&-SD&XO0M*Q'N.ORY
M%''ALDMW?2/YKCM2-J09*D920#91=+@!L3AY2AZ#


M R((%ZH\#ZB1

KUUO9W0@TT]:-VD%ASEA#&+F
[\DM%KK$_@)1R; ^


MDS6F^?ZT9KEIILK7F1HJ:'!II=$ !2
JLI7%P3$I1ZW5@V&'=6!*%YG95SL:

M\W45/^V))_PSN\X\;ZN2@89/+

MT
S-2^11?8=KHB.-8I1MOP;S+'1@.$9')F(U


#28@/*=SWP]2QA8H\*^C;
53W=TQ4Q6?^:FI@ *E%4J#%XBM

M/16DL2
0._.WF*
@POX'1,A%A,2QNLX==?X67@!=6EOWV%(NU!8P6@L-N(


M!VJXPY6R- JI1TI^FE7U

M*WT1RI4P7I=CNRUU5&UF$


MM_J?CGB&






D::7

&DCR.4Y% EO]:JGZ22*HU'R^U/ZW






'ZQNZP0Z


MDN11F03HJ=_JR_#E6-=]9KJHXW\W01D+2S%\V+%41*R:J


 HQ


M7
XK_85MK=-U4X-# M5 #YUI&Z
M=Y'?!-#HFE8)M4YI07A@V)I$;GT1R0%'791J@GR1Q\Z@9R6J4QNEJ4$FZ9Y
MS$2OFL:4]
 +Q^#2/#8(?!BJ&@.O*@J0AO^)N&J4[O:*B#?;7&+-]EXV8I



C3S1
M&!(64WQ#'U$4_#=I7.YCD##P47:*:$$Q$](G/V^6F2@H+-(LLFTS]_B%7X@!
M*Y9Q' 5AY[
[_3


\?2






EMVRG\:5!

MHQG(F)(Z-3=Y5XG)7^Y]&NC&P&C =V8W^ZY-_O
@IO:?_P=02P
$%     @
M-XB13&SS$A[.50  H/P& !0   !A;&XM
C Q-S$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;.U]6Y/;

3T3DO+BM/.BRI0O4R\5% E)'%.DS(LRY5^_





M0CL
//2(%J]2*O^

M'F_JK+A^_-IQUZ_S-J])A]?]\H1?AWSBK#\Z:&$E7BS'8;W[Z?@-UI;K*[.;






MGK6LZ)CZ+%?R\3.(6JYP3U?S;Z=6\P6*[-#=E/%L5=N4)E6EEYN UOV1+'03
M_./$@\D4H_4  W'G DO &%6H;2K#RW$;B%9@2$
WP^\G
L




3&7V@$NAP/&KQ.L U%E].ANW^



YB6W;561
?UAL&1X_A#CG5_EG
MC$2:E9^'&;@V8+0Y
D6U#5R+U*1A(#!MAIE8T6KD.^2/RZ^)N[4\S&XTBB=6
4ZVXXM'MUO;

?O]G+YK\;TX6[)TCQ[\/9_3)+17


M!-0+VJBFG\.'ZOYR@18(L^;
K)=

M5S%EL6KFXK39&XK6!JR)J +U=
2QHW )+TSX] -8*8\O6%1/*/-_!M@7 5






HJFUHQUK%6U?'!!M


@5+C#BR6./]\2UN8\BF:Y*3845]49KRYT\W':=%;B]:\A&
MHDK$L(S6&,L6A3&)#34;2:SQ(=+:PS9=$UR


9JVFF)XDKYX3N-0W3@^






MM[G@#;P!Q92:)6?8]LWIJC1,+1(O7B&,^TM+WA8E&XX)GKI^P_';===


M3#$'4\S!%'
PQ1RZVNO X_M#F#J
DP:=IRA
]?WG04U_0I)
MJQE1JYG-G/@$6M8-.(@ICRL9M&(3-6:IDUU#*Y:A $]S3(F@597@5Z'G6XD]

53*GBY6WZD[)&=BBB:F:&**)J9H8HIM
MSHIMD9_4+B)4?]Z?^\I_ACC9'WB&%MN;!%'\L,CYJ\$ORK,]WBH_@ZCSO?0



QG[CP









7VQ0':<





M[$\8M:PP:Z

XJ?YZ(R+7
M7V].Y(&4=%+M')#(!\T%)X=

M5$G5:J%4$_$;




M_;Y$X+9?BY= =
./O*Q^-\,RYQ4ID
M%B=4)W#859 E !&2J.@!VGZ<29,*<G.XQ2=V^C2J?114P$QCN9(4Q-_X6 ]+
MS$(M^[=P!TJQ!4:'0=I;0 \][W^56;@E&W'.U+-\DN*;G%[8KEIK\1[4*S'


M[M0/NU0!9A1%*$XAP:&XPC[9 \(S?A1XKD/;ZVI'I+AIKT9DB$Z@JJ_N(N54



3M4&N(+-
M;/@PM78$

MB-6;JS-B@L'N(TJS
DVM4&@&X?1A8PI*G_
P.U4;XHCBTNM?I1^33B(!U!
M1B_@JB0SF
+*=TTGN4[YI:7
MZ#A$'Y#1[CRP@7S5T%8.]IJUX\$BS:O6)[9?,CV9NL 7GCFHLV[.$*MV=]




ME
X7;D0RK)/R7.@E'GOE?1K)8@

%C-8K
58)#4/%N.3W.29CUD2
Q\P

^(39G%?1GV X9JA0%!F?V
MMS)*%61Z!#+\U^F%




YFP. )5S)@L&1?:I(4

2?_/(QB3-S 0

M+'F 88Y)$H;XSREFEKPN+_33

-#'0Y/N$)M2*

*7#1@Z




H_C

QLT*!
@WS L
I#O$)A=EAHY#OIORY?-MA+3[/[)?=ZO4A&CE?=N
  &P-L
M#+ QP
8 &_6Q2&ERS*VB-K%F9E.8%8&A($GI@8$BS.
FBSO.@R2#;DRY6.
MZR\)ZWC4=?T$.0]X8+$(

M3

MIG)M-LQEF5YY$Q$P%
&2!QB$.%'))XA%GDQ9)X
?#'XP^
'@!SCXH:/T. *5
MGT1J/0VGNM

 2 TL

+C[!3:[?N



M/*18U3V7&S!BP(@!(P:
?)]@I)NQ2&5FS(VB-*EF1I.?$8$A'SG9@:&A6\MW

E_DJS0E]F7SIQ@0&U!A08T- 37?)ZBA1E@:YZO?1OG
MM=R1^9
2

M#58Q6
5@%8-5OD^LTE4!@A:3YKY 09N)MRA@H#QK0@-



06GIAOUWK5^@CVDW8
NF9J7OC]H
MHL78


M?Z@#



+Q


-)$&[P
M@B!&^QU


^F G]W!CB6V[9J[47?C.-U@XYTFF;EI


'NHA(Z5T+DKI+)2PT8^(
MG-S

M#/0QT


M.LJGZ32O^AP_3D+AR^YM38@5@FL-&0NIXZ+!LDZQQ[IE2=H8% L_%9! 9F


=UM^C(N2B:
KE8H'L^&&1
H36Z0NY]I;O6!R7%N\(T9HR



M)J*K(+R)HZ=D'KF.:X5N0]!+MEMN7.%N$ TI+C._8M_I%[75HEB]KVB;7JAW



/1=*$VA0(\A&;#,$!P34I/3&PFK9[?P_QH79QO3(=])_
MY8=13HC-5)C0B\54.-8-70SV






FL5
M
K7(@209V
M_69TPUO#_?L(


TQ5
0


@W 2X$65


JRU1;!YQ*-6GQ+_@*=&Y=:VY

%^
1?K?D:B#?NE&=@:4&EAI8:FI@:6=



G

MM0KB+E!LN9XR&.Z?L5


PAN=_[Q?;V7/P?#V^^S;?D%][\S_FFSKWO_J;






M'[/WL\=3Y?&:



\5]7=

M--8S7);@D_P9/W];?-U]G3T'
P?_1]U-.
3DO8-&;.!.0=5/SYL.$NQ]?GI_

,S(A;O$I@H&:NZ4'SI;U)$H98G&D0

=U1&1-6
F$E$U8R82435MK#%_;HS9F'



M%7CXK1$YXQ_O[H

VLEWZO

WR(I0





M

M-GG9M/80#DUE'Z'1/ \OH6JKYWP?\EQ.W[W#?IS^1#(EK]-FF_E=:V=I(JSL
M

R_?B'/?O2VF=HQ)3=

M



X30:([ D5K/\^G3KAYC7E]VZO;\P*:HO=VL4S\-+*)IB
XG21NT'$QY1]=-M-*+GX2MT?3&<16.D=9HZ\S(:?YI]OIU_BML[H.@NI-4





M2-5S)OWLC7N3/ZV0_PW_GS

$_//LHC%;N9HI]__;
M6E:#O-+]G

U $# X/!F&!



48L8]
MP472Q[OQAZ?R\$D/A_!;%8$11BL]LS_#-P..-#U?KW\\B@ZX96!3!FM(*F
M:Z8T9MD.=-EN+C4


*L.Z89[)CSUPG/K&X-0!X%23
M'QMD?NQNQJ)B\#\
\]=A$$79=%^M$B+6.#=
0V.(6*=)/FAG
Q:+?;+TI\XLM-05I1:YL
M8-(\XX6L@^J\[GVP]TU@-09TK4?4N-6-Y<UBQQ&S&+$+$;
8L3@V8'B6:UI



YQT#LO%





G<EZ;0O'4-L-3/UU4:$LR$T V 60(0-4$D$T F3/:TD+(HLV;$1O<
M,'*SC- P%X?C4FS'
 4-VL#@69#LP@
S/1



MZ2[

?2)R#H4L*


M$KJQ_]&UL=

*!-A2_&K
MYM-0L/;POVR62AC6[CQB)L168\Q,D8J*Q8<4-Y-6\/JG8?.1!AK#)ZI$5&P

M31^U#5CU
T1BG)?H++;S%K\V2
C+KQ/+7RX3_@)?M'EN@\;F8


M5+4-6
QA0PM



MKHVB27 ;.^P14IG?@25IP#6ODKJ8%A9)89@DFB8)!HFB89)HG$^232.!MTI
M]B3L*-82C9$5NO[RRGU);Y^C$$7Q(_:CZDEUIMVI5@-\1;^M(: 'L#EL D
MLM5,
MS#;V3/P8=XEZS\/;EA5=.1S:\JWIV[T-_&7

MX&5XX+H-10ZH^1U8?'*_$2K.9#0:H&UU [,9OK@M)+[G2OPWXBN(FB!#GC
M';G*. W=+?[@IYYEIU_]V\##;XT^X#DJ? [=&



09A_.[

MAE/K7(K^#'P33E;^GH-$@OL*?Z(P2.?'2U+R)?W//9:._.PYS^/[C]-M^OC+


M3$U?BI!DXC0(*V)WYGX'02H8.)W)GZ7K4EN@RC=*YG@+\[U$]=?/FO2E/F

JEU\3_/@.Q:O R?9TB2ZK\[.&





MD@I_*=U(!:*S*&L$VCDP$:\7V%EN2T9B;!G
GK.Z3H9Q=HIV@$S(+7@=N8Y


M=











MTEQ[]!!T?HA7*

9E<G4!A0G@!$%*2B






MVB[%G66O7!^%N[)D5#L*M


PJ=@$3];(:J(2;6B5)_B=I-0G\%965 5T):(
M4XP%?





9*5%:&'))ZBT TH8+G/M_ <L(.W#
8AN] H

A]Q6#\LK4NN6G3!H#;
@6TA&W'1!116TX$
MJ.LHZ8/N'+^;5$
FU=!A*\;D&H*3:^@7C9F?3+*A/I
-_=+9&1R)R:#

8DD
M/[N'W5SYJ99'37[.I5*#:/;6&F(XA



MJB/8&@EYZ'H@ ='0:KI@&%E?)')DVT'BQ]$CLI&[)0?7T^-MC 6O4.










[T-//S6Z 







^D:^Z^O;;X*3S2:X8Y19<$<R




M7X=SLODJ8)0_WUT)/\ /'5DETYM1#;TE:90L[_



!_?J7#0A^SUP&QO.F\

UWU8#UWZJ?
M_T7',CEAUL[^:;?A/R'U9?N/;0!B=P8N_@BEV.)GR6NGF;7X/?B]^G#1&

VJ./IL8=<3ZH<;VWB&FPUS

M(?877(@A=+QT%D.NZ%_[84]

M]
C%3[#1$(GY9/L#^?1J G5[ELRVRTVX[F& ^ZPRK_O


WYS))(7YB/M;Q






M!PL]@I;C+/CT*05056QKN87J&8W=:;BYBI?D^4=RX&)50-

M!*HBJXP6DMFB5Z7?'L 2#7(
BQAK&%?/@Y(@8!1^#$J5;9K OH\ T)-N\5Q&








M!]B&G&LNUZB1?2X1-


RIH7=D0:C1\PWY
M2/*J ^T/IPD]:A*1HHRN +8@C3&DFL#+4D MIG'4B0-A39JR FTR[C@UI[


](?K4!(ZV L(T4)Q@!;
MD(*Q7!






'
MLED&JR0-J/AI#T



M4

?DG]=/KM55![#] OYQJGZH!-'
YI:T;S#6FFJA?/U4+.VR19/D6;


M


_KI
P9J[\



MB7'J7T#LP2I\H= %J7@A$W$L=5%0!1M&YID_  ' J70AYQ-XB3=;ZNTNBN\:


M8$4E#&$1_WL67$2%O9 'O0=K/END ;VA(1K3WMFHKM9V^C+$O20Q G4U^R


M)@TK
=.:8&JAJ4X ::TN@3UI[P2T#E)6?N5!U0PM^ CRHT B!$4?O=FO/M^3





U\ 9JE<#,&#X+]PN'<%Z5-[HEK


XESJGO#%MZB


M1



MB9N\





X3:QY]LB'Y
XZ9I=.:!@S@JF
MKUY
38^!=[!5.



M3W% S=4H;=0?2BS'9

-OR0:)1$[MEP%(2U 6^'TNJI968U\5
MU[W9%GT;1C%;!+J)CP.I_DQ12E-O_W!I4#9]9-J1MGH$*@ ;/#S.XXV^618P


M'EGUM]X7AC
TEVPK&6S;&FX3RM08K%(Y4X9)&O9.3XPV6%)BAHZR\'3:T$]\
M

%W#;



CJ04KAM1ZXIKB)



=7BQ.X



/S0%HL[4K7$Y^7)[?
M/


ME
]#))2;2.S_8I?9_%89:&<49?B+UO
MOS^M2G6:DZ6_[TOTR<!GP48F9SJ5L0O-[I=1CFG7PNQ3L:(I@.K;XQE41U-

RB19%9MMG3

2]0N=I#]02T]H*X9K


M*:ETTBQ(/+ECWA1U Z_5%B3P9F_RR9K+Q

&!
4UX^#^KD?N%6U9@+Z-GR<
M*I9-)VE\6&UC/1 

MF[7E5I.(LL3X S]=OGH0.9#&1#J6HDT.-10Q@H0J4U@\:6FY7YYMT\JY+'
M#S?3Q]%P
N$OH';G5=&7</&]PIN#RLW]LVJ6$:I#L:6ZX&(UI://T-%D/
P9?EV337IK#;;=A!.I03;%
MOE%LBXW;V(!.2]W8H:FRH38\H?84UJ

M34Y)F!&6U7JZSZ*89!F=V

MGLV*+(CB(!95XBCSPL


M9TE
L$(61<$JQC-Q1H869A*3SSO2=A\^Q&[?U8H
M&VX&3@ TQV&J'#H:!:LNJU;(JEC'0577SE'#5Z
:+8B5$DT0YL?
SPA:!I&M

M 



M]0GMT1ZC/*2SD-!1QO8-
5@'0%FZ'=2 ?L3/2#+@'5%-OLD3-W7!7N61W
M)C5+$#8\4U_ 9HHTW@ULVK*,/-G5FHWK01QP2N3,4.4R(U^U-Q][C[*U787
M1FG5:5 K\W1?3!VN8@K)-;6AG_P&9ZC7']4



:3?N31@Y0\]+A&%4KTN8H?Z9]L^SE\^D#GSFD4
M;F3C'2D])_+PZ3%Q(K7(0=01Z=.







M)KS'LYH:O$@)?OK6HHP)3U0#AB,!!^[HY+XS==1Q?XGE@T35IRM5?;6FOS4
MIRL-\,8[1JDC1N#!$5%77EPO5$8 3R60ROTT#:M&X_D6./8 [L:+3RN)4CA

5Z;JIA



ME-WW;4IV8;2\*%?WE
&+3RX
7#UR-_TXWR;'7?E J45OWI7%J]._8Q2'Z?.!



?VA\)NOE[4W,R?.&6GMM_ZYK0)&,<51&XI*'84J7/-MG
J^T)*;]5YH?/.W%9(!S#YY[ )7\R:9!UXZJ(=O?4;MEDC5\;=3\M




M'J=E@Y[OP4777GA+/]D#\\)DY5V-
 -0#7Q21X; .[VY][!^E\LD'=0)7 SK



B6K4DWG&01?F\+/ ]K8O  9'H?D'!Q12*


$P?F!CO

YY)@^(-
-_YZJ4;WL(H3TCM ,TSY@%S^C8)VF:/-&8




Y7O?4&=%MDGC].B?IMM]%
MQ8S3BR/ ^CV3=F_D3=68MN77M&G8;GQ[V^SF&



*$M7I=+58
IS6Q


I3CTYLM?Q(!U6_OO7JO!_NJ$E4)6?.\1



^WWML?S$07Q_:J1R. M 9G#[?
3&^_+VZDI L)\Z*%S17(O\&



M4$MXX@+




=/8$T_\! %&]\WO#E9SFH?Q53V0=V]0$B;O14)

(7'2WB]H[3%B/
M=1?@K$CU%[1M1:O#H*

+W2H]V^;NW





M.LFR@#X-BL?^X%_=QL

7[V8FA[#(\!6



M'
O<!=E?T&PG6
M9D 
8




M.N.CK1UR^D=/:#

ES6R%L=?=56K


MW1Y-'6WA*.K]] 4*W-_5+2M5BFE5]ER1@BVBZB97#ZBLCR3+M2

MY_



J15()!P,*/6DZSUG/^L_3?[(1
M\?G/9[-@]L];CX;#.N 8KNU F 7EQ9T5BDGB1T*MH7VYM#J
@NR8CL4GLPZ6



+XZR\JY1=

0LEJSO+LXNKCYY



M[FAD9/W;B%UU
S(;\'H9@1:-&X@E?4QS^[!G[J!L8O$%Q

MMB0])[LDBXKMYY/E8TC?-)LE]_O=;A.15#51L9'1W.YE(L/^EB8+R_&2P RM
M@&6(F0AO#A]4E




M#KRNZ-O$:W;2ISPP( \D^HS59]=@Q)@WZ-N)


M.IA9 -B1

VS9%5_($'4B&,I6!LJYO6&R0G0I!WCFZ%RN&&AY$T

921^)PF^AY'7A!A6Y[; +:H_]R!R@23XZ5PEHC34
M=$%:$7KG)V 4)'I?T.QFYVE1 QNP&Z)G.&@W1Y$'8_?+)71.CXK3OE2H]
P





M;5198?J




)N .!2

#^9K=-, E"Z0208W2KF#_YT
MHYLQ#F71S0R/885'4N,Q97PNH]M9DNX2IJ5)9V:F N.;#O,@PH&8\3F8RMF

WV&FA2Q#N8#*

MJ#DCXL&.4Y/2=WHX#3=L3G[_0$C^-DWV[%BN*#[JLO4S3U5LJ
FG0!N1\T_5

HKH[E\7EGV4=RUPC3T'-QDT_D+#A9Q6H;721





MQ

MDF +86EB@EL
NTS08KLPM^&A

MC#BHJ/V-:&ID *8A-'LKL+)D:0;GG01)8M&QLARF@C:9%9:656*2YJI
_I




E


M1I;HC)GT%?!B[W' U!DO_?S-_3?!):&Q)MRT!D_]8B5L
%66E-SNPOB0]496

MP$L[P

TQ #@T\6K(%44=Q  
A

 GD$HD/'@)7L +
/
_)2K@R9[2J3P7#%AY 'Q?OL9@A)!

M[#;F^@,]D:SB[\=6H/2NVO@D9_T+FX\FC!JWI3L#'B559$11V%)N$1TN
MEBG^=GGCQP7)8'1$8P1=





M!;^



LX:Y9J1
MRS+KF(V^M0





M0QW2H%M]()CY/5]10496TTK$*G P]UGYOX1I&L;%C6LW6HN-4
:!!RD9\4:!




O[:4\/





M-F'.
G'[[,=^Q79_V<4!-Z/S?4Y(_S
M;^A_T<S]:1^[F!7JN)[XH^67U<V+?<=3/<10*3MGZV\]9N=K8_1S4UUSV

MLK'ZE8[LR;V%]Z;^]L]Z\;I5]I*#7QEV@F/&^CC]BM=%2--:B;SE)'Z%8K

M0(\::R(&=RD7DS#7/C5=?W5WSZHU%*]T&3V2]P79KU^NW[_#[K74FK#Z+HFF

/_?W_9?1K @7![-IE?O^&?^.H'_XV4B^G[7 .




!(

M-F#&R+9H/N2F/0MC@RV3N-@5--*Y%L=01(V% P:1T$;,+J.?^^*O] H_2%[
M^OSE\]VI61 4BM&+A$,Q(V%0:/_8,9%G&9@'
CG W+:DQC6H#
)D1QI(YVC
M& .CJ
$2E+CB&F-4M=A\_GR\L???BK^QA8/[J/G_BJOO2]T


'9HY9N&5@Y&OC@G#8G&@%^)D&5*V^DC.9QT(H:4.%P-0ZG'@U
M#J:S-%R2UH4R$C

NQQ:;UF^ %DAM+ '%
M46


M2#O^HX(:/2)KH=HJ

2QY
MERFB

T2(&[K1Y!$BP- W&7)DCY12
AV+T
 R'L54


M(+IM#L/\_%\^*_]!N


'I+A
+:*Q$@X'B

M; 2
0D^8X(*4=\#$/4I=QLTOFP
=A2_FQ2()N^GSU[5^T)0(@4=

:)T0]]
MSF@%QUP$WDP1!H%.[


@IDAYEQ&LG69=[MD








MTKLMT!*4[SW2XOH(N(1%5%Q@#F.H:V1:5$58)%LRY^EE8O/3Q_8C1XL&X7]
M].G\]K[7IM9RF@H(IG+L#X9;O@%BM0-S2X U#@P5' ]^,P%!(6'RF&VP$N0

M.+B4O
'(\9-O6+\YC@HG+JFEVVP#.(GUQQHU7J&@&GF/$3#E33^&F/5
?Q
MD]TA?SG[\?



G'*BF\=

Q_O'YD

 R)MJA%?NT.(MC$RCB(JBJ$5V(EJR)EX
MP

MW9


%$P#3O!Q[


RAQ?&@+WVKR,VSR5'L
M'JA2PWOB\W*(N+6,WQS!8YV5&Q?FKF(X%.<841P5Z/&\;/9Z:]%HO5I^EB0



\V82<@


MB&


M0UUJD/_PP@*Y!+R6H9PGF1_
?Y@^F-MAW54X!X
=(Z#CHGW$D'YYS8PM'OZT

XJ/-DCH]TR9M-&-;Y5CF*ZQQE@-

M&RCS 4?.


&2V





MW)4IB





ME4'8

MKN)Z3Q


#6_!&$\;NH46.0G=/$0#3+^UXJ BNEH%[(%80


M?)2M4FSDF\?Z)
65/HGYQ<_GE\4?[^^RFZ(\<'X8U-=U

M)*;R#6!?


[



MB1
H



=^/@R.0*$+M@G[?

M_R+3W'4!7(T@7Y@X/Q


M#JT[P+



M;

TC#.PD5Q:OCTT'YR\AQE/;3H


RT9Z

.Z!!Q/J@BP

0!I?XF



YZ


MX #FYIIX&'JY*2[P??QZG^11&*M\7$56?2(AF6W;JO3;^[A$@]S'18QU6U;/

FL(\TTL$9#!S ?%P3#T





M

CR(J9:(S+

M='AMX[F1I6@'$72U@\X;: D])@/63

'30L
MP\E0ABE4IRP#Y-0@JDE?!05Q$


S/



DJ5'L\;;E:K:$'D

TQ&K





MQIV0]LV*CV:=T!8=GG2'


.+J\RN(

0$ B#

ME*RC.&8%X.?AAC%[



M.T4Z/MUO]QLVJCTGNY0LHF+#E/Y]0]A?Z!N=;)




MHZD!R*6QS0J7:K8_
R\2+S\ZS^6JP=@\] N-TA9
 -]DI&
 U@T.R_S7:?AA

M1[51H.




B 9<SI6HR(7O\@AW/[9


M3Q!B.T8@1]BC;'-P_N6E!5@.&@WC:UN2T4W?_H$7.[HJT6L37%'@.VELC1YM

MJM!K%5LQX#ME;+V/GBU#ZT=F0]2A@/FP.K)XBK;1N0PVHCVAR6__[2HNH0
MB(9!M26('U/_-EU




MKX;H(3C;S-W1P:N@D.!IP#5!(C?6:@D2)+%_ZRK..D*N7HBUAZXXNHZ$W2EC

E[6J%6!

M8
8/O(6BM@GGY)%LDN(*I^)M!(NYVGQ5\\#Y;&&H;2%:$-71#(J;8($UNLJ\
ME@ZR6BPERCQ9?]4'4F+XK07Q#_T

(



0XC:
AEUC
MA']31: +!2?-D]T8$*- RI]T;P#PPA0\LZ#!GL?":]PP)-[!T&(A+,
M_0DMVT8)1P:[#R!I0-3XLJV@!QIP4 )L&N ?H4$'F7U@,MD20(49?G J%\D^
M1O%ZGHCF9E*:Z@/R:6Q!(-6,%EA$6D!QA,M







)S6Q/7X+]U
#8:L39HHD-P-FDMNCC

M?]T_)&D^(^GVG

.2N&E67


 @T\-I?


M;1H]TK[X=A

@#J*- JJ- 0S _!7X-=J2'8U2JAU)'
^KV&
MEQ9Z@OO[LYZ?^MV3HKN<O?%4\?O2=&/#7GAH88]J6





;D9='AC]'.PD

7^M#?ET;$_4R@'D 8XVO_[Q#1
M4)=N&-A18![2BY\Z'2Z01B3:/D7J/P;L7D!8H2A;Z\.(;5(Z!'H&
T4DW@I



*\X/ F-CS/P/B_7:VI(Z6?
M]NFCQ3
TG9LWB 7X15EBFXXL

W0#BIP6_BL]/'EQYZZ 9U0EZ[M



I;JQ9.7J8BBT




MQH!8C]AG.PACM(-U'_5N$-AA2=] V&1E*+Y_\NO-PPV*'/_0; ,/-U#0/K

OYLSXI&I.AW-O'SJ1'0&8W^+0\)



M*%JHHL4#U=

MR/%##C/T_/WV]29:*5$QT:P$GL0J5#68:)Z&I(FF56OD]8]S
]&J!!M
-%=P



MBQI^BY


M!2ZP#34#+]CJN



MWCP;^


]J'454E









MU*FWVQ_8!.O)6X?OAD^_N2&3O+UR*%^AJK4GJ3I)(!0'91=?AGND )_!$D*
M1/B((66E10Z#U.2TXKJ3KI8]3


D/BT-)5:?2 ) I)\#U!!&K@+:/J2L?J &GYT= )E
M

@7Q++_^V7

M:KF)PC? &;EB+5-;9$+7'JR'0\&E\:$A'@^/









 7[[X1Z$-TNVY]E*RR8*



JOMHEG7G@5X0:ATL/4-BQ(_+7
.SJ/
LE'\


MW%7TJXR2$@K?)YY'A$S#V-IQ0JYGA

M/2.[Y*&N)PKV[6#+;5X6@.=#50F)-MA?I)$R4/^2[D+S;


-8HF438A&'
#/_LZ[ X.
MA%'


MO[E6

)'YM[J

MH;M3Q!=J%&-.8N45
7+51M#Q]1*?+1VCJKYMNC!.L)RO1^I-- 3:H;9JTB[)

)8=8P

M?]PFJ

AI'):U&V-C+=VM98NSBT14T5%=!DFL6\DM-H)9MQE2YE!Z6,WS2X
MM5W/YZYPU&DPGZV(4I\Z#7G0')9QD9YU,'X2)?DY7[[
QJYMG76R($#-E

9%G@



M'@
1(T(B :]+O*PR_KIIC2O&S
J'Z!
PJLDAL%T:!&R@6MFNAKFJ*@MZZWR
MR-GF2%2,^3#$;?!(X\F28;X=;,@YPB:V;&YTP1PAUR \8!AQRX-:DPK8/8
M-P$8[BR)KEIZC/V=Y_(M=+QM V%Z[5L'8C9.Y24ADT#*$_2F3ID:@*X74&
M;]O(DH=NX90J1CM'8JM3:*J.B*-O@4!&['CBZSX!5;/AG.@G#K)*D%3C+S
MD#5T/DKT!2.(I&#3;H=5

M''0K:4D2%QU\RMNV'G7)BF

MAQSG:39/2]]@IFC&9_SY7TZ44LGZ?X=HUU3/NI V'OLMVJF33I
_H(X
MY6$M*9]OW+A*)@E\9Y2O(S$I\G^_I0D?6<]5J+$#Y:3(BWD7HHCIF$X2:W?



MDW

&VR.L7*QM

M\@YL?

M3!HUCZ?+BE.
N;^41APPQ/5[9KN.;PPU

CSE!Z5U4E[?H 1LLMX)




(LHL#9?&U HL*K6AX#$:OI))C


%5Y3

RO[V?U
M=T#2'(AV0'+ =1U0AM R<(P]4HPX1./#3T'A:%D49JHZI= !T'A=F_#J6WM




Y)





 14(58$4Q?8U_YX8483$?:3*\K#ZN

M


=



(MQZ/M!D6@/?0Y0Y





ADF76*N44 CRS3! ==0F:X


M.(?YL$^8T4YB'P0ADE?+[V]39MT_KF]PI_Y]6

M IH



-JX^D%LG*CNJ3$^GD^F^/)T^X0\?


^;/
+O:O#K?3XC!B#C
8 NT0@/!
M1N-\('


V88F[A5O63:00!+Y@D]:;[#PW


=V7!7
MH%_?@XV_^WKUM

MA


(6?R


@/UH4OR#
;PLGRY[CN&3@4KYNKXV;*G\\W#Z.Z9[7LH+MG52HH
M[AEWSEXWA $S 4?OYQOR


$&=
E@P1CB$2!CJJ$&^W

M?VY6J_5\PR;F/\84=BTWV'*N$NDOXI_D+GD$L. LP2+'CU%ENWGC+R#0[.UJ

5

C

MBLEV1FZ/!%#)W=CR7+U/GR&NT/2#Y1[3AT9A1H-

M=FRI
DZNEN;3$I;H^(O)'G-U$I$E'?US#26DOOD=MGB7)ILG+:-5RKC(9(^[
M8*GRV6]7^VFPF6R?;S?P:&1Q5[G1(.D2$10AO\%U/PP5\F$\D]L-]OE\I0_=

+)TZ_C1(-\*&10) RJD730)!V9^-3P=6\0_9N:*APQ_





'Q(16:/SHD7F1#**P8V#RL839N13\H5^^H0

*UTOOUY#!QW.=$XSXK+4<




X-/?_T:+S?LO[=

M;.#I4/
\/@ .-

[IE+8'/W

M5KX;5H


&!!Z/





;ZR\(+0<)Z
HPW9V[1N'(N0:F_&3H0TR(H7



$61)=N_[2N3%HFVUS2!^7I84?O&=DW#

F/]\.10=R04GGB



FKCK2 *H@6@Z/XNQ^39#

M]#V?=BH=VSTME;
43+P

-.^W]
H6CJ8



M
5-
XJ6@XPMKQGYAXRK2C7LXC&@15X*?C5Y!4!+37W][^IL^X5RNU]0
[6/&

F:F5(%-/
;4QP1DC&DN2=YUK

&D5

M2 _I^S:3MFTX487+#]

%U.[(\7!IV9S7B$R2FSPD%Z&@$FE#N8+NS
MLWUG+0\]4





M)
16

=F#5'-F#

WI@Q@T4


ZX)ZG]-73C%
MH5<L9Z P!RR6B]I)OX*N1UF=K#W L.Y]KW#_IMK.@?8@F-/XT-LU$JC[Q[A




M=^%:/#GD(S6I?81S-(S%T?P/(=90W9)NBJE!^H9%B9^^G@. F_I9O8B/YG


:*


MUSXUHWEX[)F1
B
_=KZLHDA(XC9%R'S
C/S77X //4@ !$A0 .6N6BNVQ483
M_2#PZP;0^

?__CA59PX

V<XU
M6/;#0JS*PP








M'SZS4\^5_K

M$[3E71 ).&
+DZ8RR!S2V&D'CCQL0_QY)$-
(X=F$!XWJQD.*@9@/BL4?_C
M3H57^L]6])O71X6
#VCATT@B3.Y)V








MTG) %9%::SVQ@+9ACYOPB?0+1YM[5+44ZU%AF8-'UEKB4(!^-E-V^&:\)YIG





MJ\K)W-
6V0[+ S@DLJ0N[=%-2%QS08NTD/ DKHZ2$I3E4H TF83B7L:4MM
MQQ1*52Q6'H5'LY]
M

D<M[C!
439\/:%Q+7^[?:Z2WP+2K)R$O!R;FLOCW.)P0;M\

BCLMA13)HYMS&5Z1L[:I[

@)ZLM1[S=7B8D
MMMMX39)R[&@NY[


M 459E(M!8;=IF3+U8%=S^9D\ WGHP00YDU^BE(BTTQ(S'ZO0[B!'*]/.;L]0




M-D$9$S%EXMC&7$YKKU(]LW82Y_%VC;WRV&Z3U*7AV



S,7IIC%HL-QI+(NUQ
MJ;FTU9T?XBB[?3U!1/75,9KWN+!F[;'=MJQ+PZE9:[74Q=DF[B:T%N=B:3
M)/)G:4+W:$TQ35SA,'J(5U9<*RHERGW2V[%U&Z/T:4YW2/&?UAQ H^9Y.&G

P1C$'2C?2E67?N'1V
MFE4@EW63.
IVSIV%WIT3?4%[G:Y.YHV$Y:3.)S1EK68_PV(!;9OOKU%()*+'
M5
Z\E1_Z5)K$?T)LTTE2EZ-F [751FP4U;;$9TVJIB&R:6BTVSX



X63N
5X$RM4T-3[/LI\A-T@9_#\3S[W!^0B_PGQBX(^0;;



IQ0'

MN)LL#Y%S-?(X%5=J5I;^I
8OYO*[$E\.KVALFZ9

M%3W -7
)5IF*]


9C_0J&(^/G7[402^=O.P)13-<FX;-)9)5LD]M/*X3QQ89P%[


(OQ#

 U_;2[P?B&:B)Q0SS=% 5;T(O4)E



&9LXF&IN[33A_9%8ETYUQ$.
MB=?&I%_C^2UVP@LT(Z*G$9F6]M+XM34+E4;;A0RI1G::759BW79N$SAUL'
^
MD;6R]F%3)9L738=L^5)Z[?8W..MG@N6@YB*-*'C-L$EV=W F[SD9\3R:;$-A
MS)H[VC/8CQ+4&-CI1&TTH=N53&8(F-+GWTP73Y+A('8E(8=!^9)8%]J=J=6X

MZ

G


C!N:B8B;*
)V\XBPFT$



SA^$L/S$[JT'N(%3F?)/ W.


86'O
LVS.$9)!H)V




)28101NNM[#:
MG(K+
/71@]\8O3F2 [@FSH:BK!)W;75XZSLS/\B4* UN%7@U@ET97J?B?TKZ
MXP1*YE*$3'FB].!S*B23\21Q2Y'?

/')8PVIV)X

/!JM^L3N?+Z%WV)LMP4#L'R(&@]J;

73M&V2W-?
^:$3NAW2J!(






5KR'ZX@]/

\
S.\P;U^)=(


IH QK

MV17I
?LUO+SF8X3:XQZ3V!






%#

.::M);

-%D5] Y ((!% (H!$ (D $@$DBDTA
M 2@*F\A C]PXC;C!.C HE

MX9[,2TUC/YD^ A $( A $( @ $$ @J<+!)F3E@)N*\M5D :Q87%LC#!.O@G
M):MU6/ Q(?U:XH#T(Z9;'9







M7J


M!T@/D)Y]GCZ$O)[


 TKE3L
&!
P)F!
P)B 
0%C L9L
$5+


M( E $H D $D D@ DI3*1;4'*84ZR-=0YR$ZVPRG6 =76.K$.R!8WD/O?LM?U

MGF@4=I& 9H4QI+%%=8!1BE9K0./(QP^(=)?XHX]%W?DOLDT3.1V#+ A8$/
MAH - 1L-CQ=;






_8C:E-H4)Y=K8:4Y)

M/3FA2S







MWC 3*S4JYV.Y1G8:5E9BCGW-Y:



(4B?[4W


M4EZ.;?^T_?!V=AK
*^0].'YS-YP0WTQ.63.I
;NYR=U_\2T?0SM^X'S%!;@]ZU'?$

)K1;H\L5=





SG+



MS:[#8S X5^%J0N-]E*KF/8B5GW%;(TNQ:3:UF
W@#-Z@E1Y&A'^8W%M7U
TZ
_X).D'036#')%I?4

MU5G9Z6'=M*/Q




)M.F$:^;;I
R!=
M0+J = 'I M(%I'NZ2+?A[._^5F+327:U.GJ(UQDS0@3*&\G#G@-W





YASPH.GU4^.3]$])MGQ9/W=#93';/BEK[^IX5R?:V6U%:
M#QS3&KR H\BEE7NOZ&%!UXU2Y-WZSLP/_
1'QRRCT:T[ID.%;KV'4 )0@E
M()2 4 )0@E9$

=+\]1S^M_Q6[B-=
MO
%YG6F\*NX=X%' HX!' 8\'@4\GA4%H]RYE1^#E5



MSY#F%?..E+Z6?[5IZ_?4P@#( R , #  @#( R 
$#Z3%EE?KT)YSA:91H\


$






DI)04J)-#4B*VA@W20.
%
K+&9;^




%RAQ






[VM71TC/UMDD\+%?JT/[2E9


7[ZU]QXQ/W4O




 W!- 33$$Q#

M).C&1-Y?6$P&ZRQ


M*;^1EER



M/.]S$BV^TG]X-+*9O?M



P+.UC[%XGHJ3
?750^;U







B)POFU5W;^-R;)^@J'$\%1]CZ*H'
M]S*8S7?/%U3&9?;UN&%T]['[
I* 9VL78_$\%2=CZJL'-S.8M9_\?7[A;AZS

]N-KO1RRHM*LAU6O%)*G7

UJVK*Y-E(; 5=/B^7[*Y= S:_N

MRR2P3 ++)-_9


/;B))W/1_@V\9CFD24O

MU W7OB






LP'177
M^]ZS'A_NSC\\[G_I[ 2+F*I

KR<SRA3=O2,93:6NHG:O*W<YL_<[<)R3?%+06

2NE(87#RDZ7ZJ8=_2[7


6X3



G?:0S?Y5QT[:)/OF6T%0:X^S!/CN#L7=
MH;B[)4;J4MS=8,%+J&MJ8*U.3P

M 9(3ROA# 1)K










M9QRR+Y7KP*%


9@
^HJT:_V_RIVVW.%I'OID&2


M)^*




MJ55;!5\81




E!X:I1%5T(06U
)A

/M$\B_XFX
MT21PW



MU



?K[#3]_K1IAV)3OV#6Z$CP0A6H6 
4R6%G?[ E$7WVKJ1

M1




9QA::N/-#')&9LUP8. N]0RZ77U/R^ XE2^SE&Q
R
!\,P;IXV^FLFO5GQQ;17MWV'M/U(UIQCT2)A7KDG%+44NQRS):#<BBV[';L
MZ^S572YRJ0E:N7Q)&XA\OFD![X3Y TN7]P@C<ES.1]29B=V+'EV@_(V!2W9





Y
M[ID$F;64W@\EM.^$N5
)[?L
\3+$RQ O0[P

MW%HFH=B$?#XA4^41]7N4ZEELC:R7,3)FD8N=KI::YW8$64?;[23V!W3E8W
MN#:@?3/MM6)'Z=$^78RU]U?*J40-A6[$;#@DQV%+WMNNTB-GA9PHI'=.E^FN
M+*-)+R[P@S1!7O\)H3;O-Y@+:M-=2 -!&@C20) &@C00I($@#21[/O$L22)_
MEB;9E(HG#J
8FAQQ[10@D]BXN03!


ME_:B37H=


M


2HA_$\V4D?Y$B]A7=[1H7)E1L;-R\S%2:J@9.

MZ
ZTIPL[0LXCN]
53J-.WE1CH.I
.P8#]Z4]3=@1#Q_;E?RG;@-3C8&R*VT9


FB!@LN0G=(/60=Q.63Y2]JYF5M)
)6 W5UT3:88]&YLK?-$LSR17_

/9)#M=.N$4


0ESNX!385
MD.T;ED5FL7694NG^7O]A(A-(?EOCV FN(YRNXSR#3H1D5SK-JZ%N]77N!$[H




M=;*N=J3/1GFF$G0CEP*)VG+Q90W'7F(P1WT;)O;



B;-$ W %M:V(72$
M5^LT0=$CGB?/1 \5

!
MVJLBG+[H;R#'HP9^NJAK7 ZGBQ1.%W4-K.%T4=/I(G.A
IPNJICB#SNVH(B7
MPA_0$PIK97_:









OH?95_[;65_M*:$N#=<R@

MF@9.ZC-6C9.=SM9)-]J]S5S.O



M+M8?T-CI#QQY=$=2OYC+AV\EI
43XB7RLC-I/+
RB:IV/22RW+ 5B;1;UNA^


-!=W.[



O]:N)VUIU
U77]-[=C X8),IZL+-$LX5YJ)2,J=%BP2X[42
M3^_:3[8I;OF7NTELU2HF(CC5Z;+AXJ^!(9Y]%?;9V^A03/283(&W<0QF9W.

R7WN* O#7^0
:ZZ#GR$S+JG6^N4[Q)G? 1D0$KVU@T

9SE#5@/;C%8X#O^LBY(X0C6YZ]X$FE?V6[(1A4/
MZ']F3HS^Z_\'4$L! A0#%     @ -XB13??#:XRU   5)D+ !
M     ( !     &%L;BTR,#$W,3(S,2YX;6Q02P$% 

M;&XM
C Q-S$R


M
C Q-S$R


