

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-14-001728
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140331
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			American Lorain CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001117057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				870430320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34449
		FILM NUMBER:		14729162
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BEIHUAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		JUNAN COUNTY
		CITY:			SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			276600
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 539-7317959
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BEIHUAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		JUNAN COUNTY
		CITY:			SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			276600
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070806
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Lorain CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070801
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MILLENNIUM QUEST INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000622









   






 D.C. 20549



SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
December 31
 2013


SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
(I.R.S. Employer Identification
      Number) 

    
    
Junan County
Shandong
 People&#146;s Republic of China
 276600

(Registrant&#146;s telephone
number
 including area code) 
Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
Name of each exchange on which
      registered 

Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share
      
NYSE AMEX


Act:

seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No [X]

file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No [X]

reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
issuer was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

[X]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No [&nbsp; ] 




electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).


No [ &nbsp;] 

pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167; 229.405) is not contained herein
 and
will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive
proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp; ] 

accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148;
&#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one): 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
    

    


    

company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No [X]

held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant&#146;s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter were 19
220
142 and $19
796
746
respectively. 

616
714 shares of common stock outstanding as of
March 31
 2014.

registrant's Proxy Statement related to its 2014 Annual Stockholders' Meeting to
be filed subsequently are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Except as expressly incorporated by reference
 the
registrant's Proxy Statement shall not be deemed to be part of the report.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


&nbsp;


    
    
    



    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    



    

&nbsp;
  

    

      REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER


    

    
    
    

    

      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


    





    

    


    

    


    

    


    

    
    
    

PART
      II

    

 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND

    






    

    


    






    

    


    

&nbsp;
  






    









In this annual report on Form 10-K:


&#147;We
&#148; &#147;us&#148; and &#147;our&#148; refer to ALN
 and except where the context requires otherwise


&#147;ALN&#148; refers to American Lorain Corporation
 a Nevada corporation (formerly known as Millennium Quest


&#147;Athena&#148; refers to Athena


&#147;ILH&#148; refers to International Lorain Holding
 Inc.


&#147;Junan Hongrun&#148; refers to Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.


&#147;Luotian Lorain&#148; refers to Luotian Green Foodstuff Co.


&#147;Beijing Lorain&#148; refers to Beijing Green Foodstuff Co.


&#147;Shandong Lorain&#148; refers to Shandong Green Foodstuff Co.


&#147;Dongguan Lorain&#148; refers to Dongguan Green Foodstuff Co.


&#147;Shandong Greenpia&#148; refers to Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.


&#147;RMB&#148; refers to Renminbi


&#147;U.S. dollar&#148;





This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 including
 without limitation
 statements regarding our expectations
 beliefs
intentions or future strategies that are signified by the words &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; or similar language. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on
information available to us on the date hereof
 and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Our business and financial performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. In evaluating our business
 you should carefully consider the information set forth under the heading &#147;Risk Factors.&#148; Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements. 





We are an integrated food manufacturing company headquartered in Shandong Province
 China. We develop
 manufacture and sell the following types of food products:




Convenience foods (including ready-to-cook
 or RTC
 foods
 ready-to-eat
 or RTE
 foods and meals ready-to-eat





We conduct our production activities in China and through our majority-owned subsidiary in France. Our products are sold in Chinese domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan
 South Korea and Europe. We
derive most of our revenues from sales in China
 Japan and South Korea. In 2014
 our primary strategy is to continue building our brand recognition in China through consistent marketing efforts towards supermarkets
 wholesalers
 and significant
customers
 enhancing the cooperation with other manufacturers and factories and enhancing the turnover for our existing chestnut
 convenience and frozen food products. In addition
 we are working to expand our marketing efforts in Asia
 Europe
 and
the Middle East. We currently have limited sales and marketing activity in the United States
 although our long-term plan is to significantly expand our activities there.

1 






ALN is a Nevada corporation that was incorporated on February 4
 1986 and was formerly known as &#147;Millennium Quest
 Inc.&#148; Effective November 12
 2009
 ALN reincorporated in Nevada from Delaware.

ALN owns 100% of ILH. ILH wholly owns two Chinese operating subsidiaries
 Luotian Lorain and Junan Hongrun
 directly. Junan Hongrun
 in turn
 wholly owns Dongguan Lorain. In addition
 together with Junan Hongrun
 ILH wholly owns Beijing Lorain
Shandong Greenpia
 and owns approximately 80% of Shandong Lorain (Shandong Economic Development Investment Co. Ltd. owns approximately 20%). We sometimes refer to our six Chinese operating subsidiaries throughout this annual report on Form 10-K as
the Lorain Group Companies. Below is an organizational chart of ALN
 ILH and the Lorain Group Companies:



Athena is a holding company which holds all of the capital and the voting shares of Conserverie Minerve
 a company organized under French law. Conserverie Minerve specializes in the processing and sale of chestnut and prepared foods
products in Europe. Conserverie Minerve operates its businesses through the following
 direct and indirect
 wholly owned subsidiaries:


Sojafrais


SCI SIAM


SCI GIU LONG


CACOVIN



2 






On February 7
 2014
 ALN through its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
 Junan Hongrun
 entered into a Reiterative Share Purchase Agreement with Biobranco II
 a company organized under Portuguese law (the &#147;Biobranco Purchase Agreement&#148;) to
acquire from Biobranco II 2
750 shares of Athena
 or 11% of the share capital of Athena
 for an aggregate purchase price of &#128;495
000 (or approximately US&#36;670
600). The transaction was completed on March 13
 2014 upon payment of the purchase
price. 

On February 7
 2014
 Junan Hongrun also entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Intiraimi
 a limited liability company organized under the laws of France (the &#147;Intiraimi Purchase Agreement&#148;) to acquire from Intiraimi 10
000 shares of
Athena
 or 40% of the share capital of Athena
 for an aggregate purchase price of &#128;1
500
000 (or approximately US&#36;2
032
050) of which (i) &#128;1
000
000 (or approximately US&#36;1
354
700) will be payable at closing
 and (ii) the remaining
&#128;500
000 (or approximately US&#36;677
350) (&#147;Deferred Payment&#148;) will be payable on February 7
 2015 if certain conditions are met. The Intiraimi Purchase Agreement also contains customary non-competition and non-solicitation clauses
for Intiraimi and Pedro Quintana
 Intiraimi&#146;s President. The initial payment under the Intiraimi Purchase Agreement in the amount of &#128;1
000
000 (or approximately US&#36;1
354
700) was paid on March 13
 2014. As a result of the Biobranco
Purchase Agreement and the Intiraimi Purchase Agreement
 Junan Hongrun owns 12
750 shares
 or 51% share capital
 of Athena. Junan Hongrun agreed to pledge 12
750 shares
 or 51% of share capital
 of Athena acquired in the above transactions to
Intiraimi to guarantee the Deferred Payment.

In connection with the acquisition of a 51% controlling interest in Athena
 on February 7
 2014
 Junan Hongrun entered into a Shareholders&#146; Agreement (the &#147;Shareholder Agreement&#148;) with Athena and each of the other shareholders of
Athena (&#147;Current Shareholders&#148;)
 which defines the rights of the Junan Hongrun and the Current Shareholders
 and their respective undertaking as it relates to Athena
 including
 but not limited to:


The settlement of certain claims the Current Shareholders have against Athena through the assignment of certain claims Athena
 through its wholly owned subsidiary
 Conserverie Minerve
 has against Branco Group Companies for the benefit of the


The handling of the commitment to install a Nunziata 4 burner chestnut shelling machine at the Cacovin facility




The Junan Hongrun&#146;s right
 with the prior consent of the Current Shareholders










Granting the Company a call option right to purchase 2
250 of the shares of Athena (or 9% of the share capital of Athena) for a purchase price of &#128;900
000 (or approximately US&#36;1
219
230)
 subject to downward adjustment to &#128;405
000 (or
approximately US&#36;548
654) if the Current Shareholders failed to fulfill certain obligations under the Shareholder Agreement. The call option is exercisable within six (6) months after February 7



The Shareholder Agreement expires ten (10) years from the date Junan Hongrun pays the initial purchase price under the Intiraimi Purchase Agreement and the purchase price under the Biobranco Purchase Agreement.



Our products are categorized into the following three segments:


Chestnut products


Convenience food products





We produced 234 products in 2013
 including 6 new products in the chestnut
 convenience and frozen foods segment. We also discontinued 10 products in 2013 in the convenience segment. 

3 




Historically
 chestnut products and convenience foods were our main profit centers. Sales of our chestnut and convenience foods segment slowed down 2013 due to weaker demand in domestic market. Sales was also impacted by a stronger RMB against
foreign currencies such as Japanese Yen for our export sales. However
 we are experiencing stronger sales for our frozen food products due to demand in both domestic and abroad. Frozen food products accounted for 17.8% of our revenues in 2013 as
compared with 14.6% in 2012. 



We believe that we are the largest chestnut processor and manufacturer in China. In addition
 we have been giving increasing emphasis in recent years to building a stronger international sales network. As a result of our acquisition of control in
Athena in the first quarter of 2014
 we now have chestnut processing and manufacturing capabilities in France which will enable us to achieve a strategic command of the chestnut industry value chain in Europe. 

We have developed brand equity for our chestnut products in China
 Japan and South Korea over the past 10 to 15 years. We produced 58 high value-added processed chestnut products in 2013. In 2013 and 2012
 this segment contributed 53.3% and 52.2% of
our total revenues
 respectively. 

Our best selling products in 2013 included our aerated open-bottom chestnuts
 which are chestnuts packaged with nitrogen; chestnuts in syrup
 which are very popular in Japan and South Korea; and golden chestnut kernels. The majority of our chestnut
products are natural and do not contain chemical additives. 

The chestnut
 in contrast to many other tree nuts
 contains small quantities of oil and is very high in complex carbohydrates. This makes them useful for a wider food range than other common nuts. Chestnuts are commonly steamed
 boiled
 sugar
stir-fried
 roasted or added into dishes or desserts as an ingredient.

China is the largest grower of chestnuts in the world
 followed by South Korea and Japan. In recent years
 the chestnut production in South Korea and Japan has declined. This has been attributed to the increasing labor costs and operational costs
incurred in growing chestnuts. Because of the declining domestic production
 South Korean and Japanese customers have grown to rely more on imported chestnut products. Our strategy is to take advantage of these trends.

We differentiate our chestnut products based on flavor
 size and method of packaging. For instance
 some of our chestnut products that are sold in Japan are packaged in plastic bags or tin cans
 each considered a different product. Similarly
 some
of our chestnut products are processed with hot water or cold water
 each considered a different product.

Chestnut season in China lasts from September to January. We purchase and produce raw chestnuts during these months and store them in our refrigerated storage facilities throughout the year. Once we obtain a purchase order during the rest of the
year we remove the chestnuts from storage
 process them and ship them within one day of production.



Our convenience food products are characterized as follows:


Ready-to-cook
 or RTC
 food products


Ready-to-eat
 or RTE


Meals ready-to-eat
 or MRE



These products are intended to meet the current demands of our customers for safe
 wholesome and tasty foods that are easily prepared.

RTCs can be served after a few easy cooking procedures. Typically
 when preparing a RTC
 customers need only to heat the food in a microwave or boil it for several minutes before eating. Our best-selling RTCs in 2013 were French fries. 

4 



in 2013 were various bean products and pickle products.

kits
 such as microwavable rice boxes. Our self-heating MREs are primarily for
military use where no cooking device or other means are needed other than water.
We also introduced microwavable MREs for civilian uses such as camping
traveling and other occasions where only simple preparation using a cooking
device such as a microwave oven is required.

 the best
sellers of which were our pork with garlic sauce over rice and kungpao chicken
with rice in 2013. Many of our convenience products are natural and do not
contain chemical additives. 

 including 6
new products such as boiled vegetables. In 2013 and 2012
 this segment
contributed 28.9% and 33.2%
 respectively
 of our total revenues.


 mostly frozen vegetables
and frozen fruits. We produced 62 frozen food products in 2013. Our best-selling
frozen foods in 2013 were frozen asparagus and frozen strawberries.

production seasonality of chestnut products and to increase the utilization rate
of our production capacity. We are seeing steady increase in sales of our frozen
food segment due to demands from both domestic and international markets. The
frozen foods accounted for in our total revenue increased from 14.6% in 2012 and
17.8% in 2013. Gross margins in this segment are lower than the margins for
chestnut products and convenience foods. 



China
 three of which are located in Junan County
 Shandong Province
 one in
Luotian County
 Hubei Province
 one in Miyun County
 Beijing and one leased
facility in Dongguan
 Guangdong Province. In addition
 as a result of our
acquisition of control in Athena in the first quarter of 2014
 we now have
chestnut and manufacturing capabilities in France. 

commenced at each of the facilities and the size of the facilities.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
  

    
    
    
    

    
    

865 

    
    

392 

    
    

000 

    
    

558 

    
    

250 

    
    

179 

    
    

142


 a

    






lines. Each production line is used to produce between 10 and 50 products. We
currently run three types of product lines: 

  
 which are used to freeze raw materials for year-round
  production and to produce frozen food;
  
 which are used to produce canned products
 including
  chestnut products; and
  
 which are used for producing RTCs
 RTEs and MREs
  all of which have nitrogen preservation capacity. 

involves sorting and cleaning the raw chestnuts purchased during the chestnut
season. We then store the raw chestnuts in our refrigerated storage facilities
throughout the year. Once we obtain a purchase order
 we remove the chestnuts
from storage and process them by steaming
 decladding and deep-freezing the
chestnuts
 depending on the particular product. We then package and ship the
processed chestnuts within one day of production.

involves various steps
 including soaking
 boiling
 coating
 drying
 deep
freezing
 packing
 sealing and sterilizing.

lines
 the types of products produced and the production capacity at each
facility:


style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; border-left-color:black; border-left-width:0; border-right-color:black; border-right-width:0; border-top-color:black; border-bottom-color:black; border-bottom-width:0


    
    
    
    

    

      Deep-freezing line 

      frozen foods
 beans


      production lines with 
000 tons of production capacity and
      
900 tons of cold and frozen storage 

    
1


 convenience


 Multi-purpose
      production lines with 
000 tons of production capacity and 
500
      tons of cold and frozen storage 

    

      food lines 



      production lines with 
000 tons of production capacity and 
650
      tons of cold and frozen storage 

    

      

 convenience
      foods


      lines with 
000 tons of production capacity and 
500 tons of
      cold and frozen storage 

    


    

      production lines with 
000 tons of production capacity and 
    2
250 tons of cold and frozen storage
  
  
    
    



      
000 tons of production capacity and 
500 tons of cold and


  
    
    




      
900 tons of production capacity and 
920 tons of cold and


  

 a company controlled by







We allocate our production lines based upon the location of our
facilities to take advantage of efficiencies in the transportation of required
raw materials. For example
 Junan Hongrun and Shandong Lorain
 which manufacture
primarily chestnut and frozen products
 are located in Shandong Province
 which
is China&#146;s largest supplier of fresh products by volume. Shandong Province is

meet the standards and requirements of our largest customers in Japan and
Europe
 with Japan being our largest export market.

 we completed the installation of
one chestnut decladding machine at our Junan Hongrun facility. This machinery
imported from Europe
 preheats the chestnuts into dry condition
 and declads the
chestnuts using ejected natural gas flames. Unshelled chestnuts are then carried
directly to frozen storage through connected pipeline. Average processing
capacity could reach 3 metric tons per hour.

 we initiated a project to enhance
the automation and quality for our production line at our Junan Hongrun
facility
 and it is expected to be finished by mid-2014. The project entails
replacement and automation upgrades for key production procedures for chestnut
products
 and introduces numerous new equipment such as an additional chestnut
decladding line
 automated chestnut packaging line
 chestnut vacuum saturator
chestnut sorting line
 etc. The project also includes the construction of a
10
 new workshop. The project was listed as a key supported
project by National Development and Reform Commission (&#147;NDRC&#148;). 

various certifications for many of our products
 packages and processes
including ISO 9000 or ISO 9001 certification for certain of our chestnut and
frozen vegetable products
 BRC certification for certain of our frozen fruit and
vegetable products and HACCP certification for certain of our frozen vegetable
fruit and chestnut products and our bottom-open chestnuts. We believe that our
quality controls and standards of products distinguish us from other
manufacturers in both domestic and international markets.

 we operate our production lines year
round. In the past
 when our production was focused almost exclusively on
chestnuts
 we experienced seasonal underutilization of our product lines.
However
 our current facilities have multiple-function designs allowing us to
use our production lines for our convenience and frozen products when we are not
producing chestnuts at full capacity. Consequently
 as we have increased our
processed and convenience food offerings over the last several years
 we have
generally been able to run our production lines at increasing efficiency.

 most of our convenience foods were produced at our
Beijing Lorain plant. With the introduction of bean products in 2009
 we
expanded our facility in Junan Hongrun with the addition of three convenience
food production lines designed specifically for bean products with current
annual capacity of 13
500 metric tons.

of production. We anticipate
 however
 that we may require additional facilities
and/or product lines as our business grows. We are exploring the possibility of
alliances with one or more OEM partners for the production
 in the short-term
of some of our convenience food products and frozen products should our
facilities be inadequate to meet increasing demand. We are also exploring the
possibility of leasing additional production lines to expand our production
capacity. We did not lease any production facility during 2013. We may decide to lease additional facilities in
2014
 should circumstances require and subject to acceptable costing. In the
long-term
 we plan to increase our own production capacity by acquiring or
building new facilities
 subject to the availability of adequate sources of
funding. 






element of our business. Our raw materials and partially finished products need
to be preserved in frozen storages (-18&#186;C to -20&#186;C) or constant temperature
storages (-5&#186;C to 5&#186;C). Storage is particularly critical for our chestnut
products because chestnuts are a seasonal fruit.

the type and capacity of our storage resources:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
  

    


    

100 

    
    
    

800 

    


    

000 

    
    
    

500 

    


    

850 

    
    
    

800 

    


    

500 

    
    
    

000 

    


    
    

    
    
    

450 

    


    

500 

    
    
    
    

    


    

500

    
    
    

220


 a company controlled by

    

 we have also
expanded our storage capacity. All of the listed storage facilities are owned by
us. In 2009
 we expanded our storage capacity in Junan Hongrun by an additional
3
600 metric tons. In 2010
 we also expanded our storage facility in Dongguan by
1
000 metric tons and
 through our acquisition of Shandong Greenpia
 we have
added four additional storage units with an aggregate capacity of 1
500 metric
tons. We also added 13
500 metric tons of cold storage at the Junan Hongrun
facility during 2011. We did not add to our storage capacity during 2013. In
2014
 we may build or lease additional storage facilities from time to time
should circumstance require. 


supply ourselves with a small portion of chestnut
 fruit and vegetable products.
For the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the supplies coming from
agricultural operations have been immaterial. We believe
 however
 that
development of agricultural facilities is a good strategy for the long-term. We
anticipate that self-grown agricultural products and agricultural products grown
in cooperation with local farmers will enable us to assure adequacy of supply
promote quality and reduce cost
 particularly for our high margin offerings. For
example
 by growing Korean cultivar chestnuts domestically
 we expect to
significantly reduce our supply costs for this premium product
 while ensuring
superior quality.

products are shown in the following table.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

  
    
    
    

  

      Japanese

    
    

  
    
    
    

  
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

most vegetables and fruits
 chestnut trees have a 3-5 year growing phase before
they can be harvested. Our current chestnut planting base has been
self-supplying limited quantities of chestnuts to our production since 2007.

apricots
 pears and blackberries in 2009 in Beijing. We use these fruits in some
of our frozen fruit products. We plan to continue to expand our agricultural
operations over the next few years. Among other things
 we plan to increase our
self-production in China of Korean cultivar chestnuts. We expect to obtain
funding for this expansion through a combination of commercial and government
loans
 including loans under Chinese government programs to promote agricultural
industrialization. There is no assurance
 however
 that adequate funding for
these purposes will be available to us.


 approximately 85% and 86% of our procured raw
materials
 respectively
 consisted of agricultural products
 including primarily
chestnuts and vegetables
 approximately 7% and 7%
 respectively
 consisted of
packaging materials and approximately 8% and 7% consisted of condiments such as
sugar
 salt and flour.


agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 red meat
 fish
 eggs
rice and flour. Because of the diversity of available sources of these raw
materials
 we believe that our raw materials are currently in adequate supply
and will continue to be so in the future.

domestic procurement (excluding self-supply)
 overseas markets
 and self-supply.
Domestic and overseas procurement accounted for 96.8% and 3.0%
 respectively
 of
our total raw material costs in 2013
 with self-supply accounted for less than
1%. We obtained substantially all of our agricultural raw materials from
domestic sources during 2013.

 respectively
 we procured approximately
53
559 and 62
934 metric tons of chestnuts and approximately 49
909 and 72
254
metric tons of vegetables and other raw materials from a number of third party
suppliers
 domestic and overseas
 and produced approximately 255 and 160 metric
tons of chestnuts and other products from our own agricultural operations. 

typically rely on numerous domestic and international suppliers
 including some
with whom we have a long-term relationship. Our top 10 suppliers accounted for
23.7% and 34.1%
 respectively
 of the total procurement in 2013 and 2012 in value terms. We purchase from suppliers and farmers pursuant to supply contracts and underlying purchase orders. We have not entered into any long-term contracts with any of
our suppliers.






Our suppliers generally include wholesale agricultural product companies
 agricultural associations and distributors. Some raw materials must be imported at higher costs
 however. Occasionally
 we also work directly with farmers. For instance
 we
operate an initiative which involves a series of cooperation and lease agreements between Shandong Lorain
 Beijing Lorain and local farmers. This initiative involves approximately 1
000 acres of land which is used primarily to produce Japanese and
Korean style chestnuts
 sticky corn and pumpkins for our operations. 



To control procurement costs
 we have built our facilities near domestic sources of agricultural raw materials. For example
 Junan Hongrun and Shandong Lorain are located in Shandong Province
 which is China&#146;s largest supplier of fresh products
by volume. Shandong Province is also a major chestnut producing region. Local procurement reduces our costs
 especially transportation costs. It also gives us first-hand harvest and market information
 which provides us with an advantage in price
negotiations with suppliers.

Some raw materials must be imported at higher cost. As discussed
 we have begun to develop our agricultural capabilities in order to control costs
 particularly with respect to imported raw materials such as Korean-style chestnuts.

Pricing for agricultural products reflects several external factors
 such as weather conditions and commodity market fluctuations
 which are beyond our control. We obtain contemporaneous information on local harvests and collect daily reported price
information on harvests in other markets from which we procure our products. We also attempt to predict harvest yields in advance based on our information gathering. We use this harvest information to negotiate best pricing with our suppliers.

We impose strict standards on our suppliers. During the harvest season
 our internal procurement function may visit our sources of supply to assure that the products we are purchasing comply with our standards.



Our products are sold in Chinese domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan
 South Korea and Europe. In 2013 and 2012
 approximately 73.8 and 71.3%
 respectively
 of our sales were made domestically in China
and approximately 26.2% and 28.7%
 respectively
 were to international customers
 primarily Japan and South Korea. Our top ten customers contributed 12.9% and 15.4% of our total revenues in 2013 and 2012. 



In China
 we sell our products through our own sales team and through third-party distributors. We have 36 sales offices in 31 provinces in China. In 2013 and 2012
 we sold approximately 74.6% and 95.2%
 respectively
 of our products directly to our
Chinese customers and approximately 25.4% and 4.8% through third-party distributors. 

We sell our products in all first-tier cities in China
 including Beijing
 Shanghai
 Tianjin and Guangzhou
 through our own sales team in order to capture the profit margin that would otherwise go to intermediate wholesalers and to enhance our brand
recognition. Our sales team sells our products directly to supermarket chains
 mass merchandisers
 large wholesalers and others in these markets. In second-tier and third-tier cities
 we currently sell our products to third-party distributors
 such
as food companies or trading companies with established distribution channels in such regions
 rather than through our own sales team
 in order to enable us to penetrate such markets more quickly without spending significant capital. We also sell to
small customers through independent sales representatives.

10 




Generally
 our direct sales customers are required to pay us on 30 to 60 day credit terms. Third-party distributors
 however
 generally do not pay on credit
 allowing us to obtain quicker payment terms and thereby decrease our accounts
receivables.

The terms of a typical sales contract between us and our distributors provide that we are responsible for transportation costs and the distributors are responsible for storage costs. Furthermore
 the distributors have the right to return products
that fail to satisfy specified quality standards
 at our cost. The majority of such contracts require the distributors to pay us in cash in full upon delivery
 and the remaining contracts provide for short-term credit
 usually two to three weeks. In
addition
 we typically offer distributors performance-based incentives
 such as a cash bonus equal to 1% of total revenues generated by such distributor which exceed previously established sales targets.

We plan to gradually increase the portion of sales to third party distributors in order to access new markets in China in a cost efficient manner and to improve our cash position. Such plans are subject to our ability to restructure the sales force
and manage the increased number of distributors without compromising our profit margins.



Our export sales destinations include:


Asia pacific
 primarily Japan
 South Korea and Malaysia
 but also Singapore
 Philippines


Europe
 primarily Belgium and the United Kingdom
 but also France
 Germany
 the Netherlands
 Spain
 Poland


the Middle East


North America



Outside China
 we generate most of our sales in Asia. In 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 approximately 92.7% and 94.2% of our international sales were in Asia and approximately 6.4% and 5.5% were in Europe.

We sell our products to international markets primarily through export and trading agents and companies in China
 as well as our own sales team located in China. Our sales team sells directly to wholesalers
 food processors and mass merchandisers.
Many of our customers are well known in their local food market. We have established long-term relationships with many international customers
 especially in Japan and South Korea. We currently have no sales offices outside of China and do not use
alternative methods to sell our products outside of China. We attend trade shows in Europe and other international markets in order to promote our products. 

We have also been giving increasing emphasis in recent years to building a stronger international sales network. Our acquisition in France marks an important step for American Lorain along with our sustained marketing and operating efforts in Japan
as well as domestic China. France is in a central position in Europe&#146;s food supply as well as logistics
 and this acquisition will potentially enable American Lorain to achieve a strategic command of the whole chestnut industry value chain in
Europe
 yielding significant synergy together with our China operations. We will provide strong support for raw material as well as procurement of Asian food supplies in China
 and will also be able to take full advantage of Athena&#146;s existing
sales channels in Europe to supply not only chestnuts but also other food products desired by the European market. 



We seek to expand our customer base by:











We have not spent a significant amount of capital on advertising in the past
 and our advertising budget continues to be limited. In 2013 our marketing and branding efforts included supermarket advertising and internet advertising. 

11 




We intend to increase our advertising and branding efforts given the consumer nature for many of our products. For the near future
 our marketing efforts will continue to focus primarily on the domestic Chinese market for our chestnut and
convenience food products.



The overall food market is diverse
 both globally and in China. We do not have a significant market share in any of our business segments.



We compete in the chestnut market primarily on the basis of the uniqueness of our products
 quality
 price and brand recognition. We also utilize our proprietary
 patented and patent-pending technology in the production of our chestnut products to
our competitive advantage.

The world market for chestnut products is highly fragmented. Our principal competitors in the chestnut product market are currently Hebei Liyuan
 a Chinese company
 and Foodwell Corporation
 a South Korean company.



The market competition for convenience food products is based mostly upon quality and product variety. We attempt to use our modern food processing technology
 such as nitrogen preservation
 to produce a wide variety of high quality convenience
foods.

The convenience food market in China is highly fragmented and we do not face competitive pressure from any particular competitor or small group of competitors.



In the frozen food product market
 competition is based primarily upon quality
 ability to provide a reliable product supply and customer relationships.

Our strongest competitors in the frozen food products market are currently Weifang Langdong Food Co. Ltd.
 Yuyao Hongji Food Co. Ltd. And Yantai Pengshun Food Co. Ltd.
 all of which are located in China. 



We believe that we enjoy a number of competitive advantages
 both domestically and internationally.

We have developed brand equity for our chestnut products in China
 Japan and South Korea over the past 10 to 15 years. Our customers are willing to pay a premium for some of our chestnut products because of our brand equity. In addition
 we believe
that we have a strong distribution channel for our products in the markets in which we currently operate.

We believe that we are able to provide our customers with greater selection and a more reliable supply than many of our competitors
 which is especially important for our supermarket chain and large wholesaler customers. We produced 58 chestnut
products in 2013. We believe that we are the sole provider of certain bottom-open chestnut and sweetheart chestnut products in China.

Labor is a large portion of total operating costs for food companies. We believe that we have a lower labor cost structure and a more abundant labor supply than many of our international competitors.

We are focused on managing our costs in other ways as well. We seek to locate our production facilities in close proximity to our main domestic sources of raw material supply to reduce transportation costs and give us first-hand
knowledge of market factors affecting our cost of raw material supply. Our agricultural self-supply program
 while modest at present
 is expected to grow and to become a significant element of our cost containment efforts.

12 




We use modern food processing technology and innovation in our formulation and manufacturing processes to create high quality products. Nitrogen preservation in particular
 used in the production of convenience foods
 is an innovative technology
which has not been widely applied in China.

In 2008
 we submitted an application for patent protection in the PRC for two of our technologies which support the production of our chestnut and convenience food products
 with one successful patent grant and one denial. During 2009 and 2010
 we
submitted four additional patent applications
 with three successful patent grants and one denial. (See &#147;Intellectual Property&#148; below.) We believe that our technology gives us an advantage over our Chinese competitors
 allowing us to
produce chestnut and convenience food products that are superior in quality and to offer more product varieties. 

We believe that our reputation for quality contributes to our competitiveness. We maintain high food safety standards
 in order to satisfy both domestic and international requirements. We also regularly conduct tests for quality of our products and
compliance with standards.





We have registered in the PRC the trademark




We have developed the following six proprietary technologies to support our chestnut and convenience food production:



 and yields greater profit margins than our other chestnut products. Our proprietary technology relates to the process for evenly distributing throughout the chestnuts the syrup
used to preserve the chestnuts. This technology enhances the texture of the chestnuts
 preserves the natural form of the chestnuts and promotes the stability and uniformity of the chestnuts&#146; sweetness. In 2008
 our patent application for this
technology was approved by the State Intellectual Property Office of the PRC and is protected by PRC patent law for 20 years. We expect this technology to contribute to the growth of our sales of sweetheart chestnuts
 which had been increasing at an



 typically consisting of boiled eggs
 daikon radish
 konnyaku and processed fish cakes stewed in a light
 soy-flavored dashi broth. Our technology relates to the process used to control the sterilization
of the packaging for oden eggs. Our technology enables us to deliver convenience food products with unique freshness and authentic taste. This technology has been an important factor in expanding the market for our convenience foods products



 and the exhibition cabinet
 which sits above the refrigerator cabinet and with glass



 which overcomes shortcomings of traditional roasters such as low efficiency and uneven heating. It is a sealed cylinder device equipped with thermometer and
manometer to gauge the temperature and pressure inside the roaster. This new roasting device is also energy efficient and environmentally friendly. Our patent application for this device was approved by the State
Intellectual Property Office in July 2011
 and protected by PRC patent law for



13 



Intellectual Property Office of the PRC during 2012
 including the preparation
of aerated snack beans and frozen bottom open chestnuts. We also submitted one
additional patent application during 2012 for the preservation
 storage and
processing procedures for chestnuts
 which is currently under review. The
approval for patents typically takes 3 to 4 years. 

and trade secrets
 such as limiting disclosure of proprietary plans
 methods and
the like on a need-to-know basis and requiring employees with access to our
proprietary technology to enter into confidentiality arrangements. We believe
that our proprietary technology and trade secrets are adequately protected.


 2013
 we had a total of 1
839 full-time
employees and 480 part-time employees. 768 of our full-time employees are
directly employed by our subsidiary companies and the remaining employees are
employed by Linyi Zhifu Labor Service Company
 an outsourcing company that we
use to meet our staffing needs. As required by Chinese law
 all employees are
party to a written employment contract. We compensate the employees outsourced
from Linyi Zhifu directly and pay Linyi Zhifu a service fee. Linyi Zhifu is
responsible for the pension and social insurance benefits of the leased
employees
 as described below.

both direct and leased
 by job function.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    









  
    
    
    
    

    
    


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
2
319
    

employees is good. We have not experienced any significant problems or
disruption to our operations due to labor disputes
 nor have we experienced any
difficulties in recruitment and retention of experienced staff.

department for the purpose of advancing employee welfare
 encouraging employee
participation in decision making and enhancing relations among employees and
between employees and our management team.

(piece work) and compensate other employees with a base salary and bonus based
on performance. We also provide training for our staff from time to time to
enhance their technical and product knowledge
 including knowledge of industry
quality standards.

organized by Chinese municipal and provincial governments. We were required to
contribute to the scheme on behalf of our direct employees at a rate of 24% of
the average monthly salary for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012. In
addition
 we are required by Chinese law to cover our employees with various
types of social insurance. We made contributions to the social insurance
scheme on behalf of our direct employees at a rate of 4% of the average monthly salary for each employee for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012. As indicated above
 Linyi Zhifu is responsible for contributions on behalf of the leased
employees. 








Our research and development efforts are focused on three objectives:









We have research and development staff at each of our facilities. In total
 45 employees are dedicated to research and development.

We rely heavily on customer feedback to assist us in the modification and development of our products. We also utilize customer feedback to assist us in the development of new products. Over the past several years
 on average
 we added 10 to 20 new
varieties to our product portfolio each year. In 2013
 we added 6 new products in our convenience foods segment and discontinued 10 products in the convenience food segment primarily due to slow sales. 

The amount we spent on research and development activities during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was not a material portion of our total expenses for those years.



As a manufacturer and distributor of food products
 we are subject to regulations of China&#146;s Agricultural Ministry and Ministry of Health. This regulatory scheme governs the manufacture (including composition and ingredients)
 labeling
packaging and safety of food. It also regulates manufacturing practices
 including quality assurance programs
 for foods through its current manufacturing practice regulations
 and specifies the standards of identity for certain foods
 including the
products sold by us
 and prescribes the format and content of many of the products sold by us
 the format and content of certain nutritional information required to appear on food products labels and approves and regulates claims of health benefits
of food products.

We have obtained approvals from Chinese authorities for the production of certain categories of products
 including chestnuts
 frozen vegetables and fruits
 fish
 and canned products. Production of new products that do not fall into approved
categories of products would require separate approval from the appropriate Chinese authorities. We have consistently obtained such approvals for our newly developed products in the past and do not anticipate any difficulties in obtaining new
approvals in the future if needed.

In addition
 we are required to obtain governmental approval
 and to register with the State Administration for Industry and Commerce
 in order to open a new facility in China. We have consistently obtained such approvals
 and made such
registrations
 for our new facilities in the past and do not anticipate any difficulties in filing new registrations and obtaining new approvals in the future if needed.

Under the relevant PRC sanitation laws governing food export
 unless an exporter&#146;s products are exempted from inspection
 products must be inspected in accordance with the Law of the PRC on Import and Export Commodity Inspection. We have not
been exempted from inspection. In the past
 we were authorized by the relevant authorities to conduct self-inspection of certain of our export products. However
 currently
 the relevant authorities have imposed tighter food safety control in China
and as a result
 all of our exported food products must be inspected by relevant government agencies. We believe that all of our exported products are currently in compliance with such requirements and we do not anticipate any difficulties in
complying with such rules in the future. 

15 




In addition
 we are required to obtain a license from the local branch of the Entry-Exit Inspection and Quarantine Bureau of China for our exported products. We have consistently obtained such licenses in the past and we do not anticipate any
difficulties in obtaining such licenses in the future.









Our business depends on obtaining a reliable supply of various agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 fruits
 red meat
 fish
 eggs
 rice
 flour and packaging products. During 2013
 the cost of our raw materials decreased from
&#36;145
460
250 to &#36;141
159
775 for a decrease of approximately 3.0% . We may have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw materials and expand our own agricultural operations in the future to meet growing production demands. Despite our
efforts to control our supply of raw materials and maintain good relationships with our suppliers
 we could lose one or more of our suppliers at any time. The loss of several suppliers may be difficult to replace and could increase our reliance on
higher cost or lower quality suppliers
 which could negatively affect our profitability. In addition
 if we have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw materials in the future to meet growing production demands
 we may not be able to locate
new suppliers who could provide us with sufficient materials to meet our needs. Any interruptions to
 or decline in
 the amount or quality of our raw materials supply could materially disrupt our production and adversely affect our business and
financial condition and financial prospects.

The prices that we have paid for our raw materials recently have experienced significant fluctuation. If these price fluctuations continue
 our profit margins may be materially adversely affected. 

The average price that we paid for chestnuts in 2013 and 2012 was approximately &#36;1
507 per metric ton and &#36;1
433 per metric ton
 respectively
 excluding value added taxes. We do not currently hedge against changes in our raw material prices.
Consequently
 if the costs of our raw materials increase further
 and we are unable to offset these increases by raising the prices of our products
 our profit margins and financial condition could be adversely affected.



Inflation in China has been consistently increasing in recent years. Because we purchase raw materials from suppliers in China
 price inflation directly causes an increase in the cost of our raw materials. Price inflation could affect our results of
operation if we are unable to pass along raw material price increases to customers. In addition
 if inflationary trends continue in China
 China could lose its competitive advantage as a low-cost manufacturing venue
 which could in turn lessen some
of the competitive advantages of our being based in China. Accordingly
 inflation in China may weaken our competitiveness domestically or in international markets.

Our sales and reputation may be affected by product liability claims
 litigation or
 product recalls in relation to our products. 

The sale of products for human consumption involves an inherent risk of injury to consumers. We face risks associated with product liability claims
 litigation
 or product recalls
 if our products cause injury or become adulterated or misbranded.
Our products are subject to product tampering and contamination
 such as mold
 bacteria
 insects
 shell fragments and off-flavor contamination
 during any of the procurement
 production
 transportation and storage processes. If any of our products
were to be tampered with
 or become tainted in any of these respects
 and we were unable to detect this
 our products could be subject to product liability claims or product recalls. Our ability to sell products could be reduced if certain
pesticides
 herbicides or other chemicals used by growers have left harmful residues on portions of our raw materials or if our raw materials have been contaminated by other agents.

16 




We have never had a product recall in the past but we have experienced product liability claims that were made by our customers. The amounts of such claims were immaterial. However
 claims of product defect or product liability for material amounts
individually or in the aggregate
 may be made in the future.

We have not procured a product liability or general liability insurance policy for our business
 as the insurance industry in China is still in an early stage of development. To the extent that we suffer a loss of a type which would normally be
covered by product liability or general liability insurance in the United States
 we would incur significant expenses in defending any action against us and in paying any claims that result from a settlement or judgment against us. Product liability
claims and product recalls could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products and on our business goodwill and reputation. Adverse publicity could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our products.



We have grown rapidly over the last few years. Our sales increased from &#36;27
735
833 in 2004 to &#36;215
279
785 in 2013. The number of product types we sold increased from approximately 100 in 2004 to approximately 234 in 2013. We intend to
continue to expand the volume and variety of products we offer
 as well as the geographical scope of our sales and production facilities. Our business growth could place a significant strain on our managerial
 operational and financial resources.
Our ability to manage future growth will depend on our ability to continue to implement and improve operational
 financial and management information systems on a timely basis and to expand
 train
 motivate and manage our workforce. Our personnel
systems
 procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future growth. Failure to effectively manage our expansion may lead to increased costs
 a decline in sales and reduced profitability.



Our growth strategy includes the expansion of our manufacturing operations
 including new production lines and agricultural operations. We plan to expand our sales in China and internationally. We will need to engage in various forms of promotional
and marketing activities in order to further develop the branding of our products and to increase our market share in new and existing markets. The implementation of this strategy may involve large transactions and present financial
 managerial and
operational challenges. We could also experience financial or other setbacks if any of our growth strategies incur problems of which we are not presently aware. If we fail to generate sufficient sales in new markets or increase our sales in existing
markets
 we may not be able to recover the production
 distribution
 promotional and marketing expenses
 as well as administrative costs we have incurred in developing such markets.



Several of our customers have operations in locations that are subject to natural disasters
 such as severe weather and geological events
 which could disrupt the operations of those customers and suppliers as well as our operations. If our
customers suffer from these events
 their operations may be negatively impacted. As a result
 some or all of those customers may reduce their orders for our products
 which could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations.



We may try to grow through acquisitions in the future. Any proposed acquisition could result in accounting charges
 potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities
 and increased debt and contingent liabilities
 any of which could have a
material adverse effect on our existing business and the market price of our common stock. Acquisitions
 in general
 entail many risks
 including risks relating to the failed integration of the acquired operations
 diversion of management&#146;s
attention
 and the potential loss of key employees of the acquired organizations. We may be unable to successfully integrate businesses or the personnel of any business that might be acquired in the future
 and our failure to do so could have a
material adverse effect on our business and on the market price of our common stock.

17 




We are subject to risks of doing business internationally. If the international market does not grow as we expect
 our business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

We conduct a substantial amount of business internationally. Our export sales destinations include countries in Asia
 Europe
 the Middle East and North America. Our international operations are subject to a number of inherent risks
 including:


chestnut products may not be widely recognized internationally


local economic and political conditions


restrictive foreign governmental actions


protection measures




earthquakes
 tsunamis





Any of the foregoing risks could have a material and adverse effect on our operating results.



A significant portion of our revenues has historically been derived from a limited number of customers
 particularly in our chestnut products segment. Sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately 12.9% and 15.4% of our total
revenues in 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The loss of any one of these customers
 or a material decrease in purchases by any one of these customers
 could adversely impact our revenues. 



In 2013
 we sold our products through over 100 distribution service providers. The services provided could be suspended and could cause interruption to the supply of our products to domestic or overseas customers. Delivery disruptions may occur for
various reasons beyond our control
 including poor handling by service providers or third party transport operators
 transportation bottlenecks
 natural disasters and labor strikes
 and could lead to delayed
 damaged or lost deliveries. If our
products are not delivered in a timely manner
 our reputation could be harmed. If our products are damaged in the process of being delivered
 we may be liable to pay for such damages incurred.

Failure of the market to accept our new products
 or failure to obtain regulatory approval for our new products
 may cause us to lose our competitive position in the food industry. 

We introduced 16 new products in 2011
 7 new products in 2012 and 6 new products in 2013. We plan to introduce approximately 10 to 20 new products in 2014. The success of the new products we introduce depends on our ability to anticipate the tastes
and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences. We intend to introduce new products as well as alternative flavors
 sizes and packaging for our existing products. We may not be able to gain market acceptance
for our new products. Consumer preferences change
 and any new products that we introduce may fail to meet the particular tastes or requirements of consumers
 or may be unable to replace their existing preferences. Our failure to anticipate
identify or react to these particular tastes or changes could result in reduced demand for our products
 which could in turn cause us to be unable to recover our development
 production and marketing costs.

We are dependent on certain key personnel and loss of these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our research and development
 operations and revenue. 

The Lorain Group Companies were founded in 1994 by Si Chen
 our chairman and chief executive officer. Mr. Chen
 together with other senior management
 has been a key driver of our strategy and has been fundamental to our achievements to date. The
successful management of our business is
 to a considerable extent
 dependent on the services of Mr. Chen and other senior management. We compete for qualified personnel with other food processing
companies
 food retailers and research institutions. Consequently
 we may either lose key employees to our competitors or we may need to significantly increase the compensation of such employees in order to retain them. The loss of the services of
any key management employee or failure to recruit a suitable or comparable replacement could have a significant impact upon our ability to manage our business effectively
 and our business and future growth may be adversely affected.

18 






The food industry in China is fragmented. Our ability to compete against other national and international enterprises is
 to a significant extent
 dependent on our ability to distinguish our products from those of our competitors by providing large
volumes of high quality products that appeal to consumers&#146; tastes and preferences at reasonable prices. Some of our competitors have been in business longer than we have and are more established. Our competitors may provide products comparable
or superior to those we provide or adapt more quickly than we do to evolving industry trends or changing market requirements. Increased competition may result in price reductions
 higher raw materials prices
 reduced margins and loss of market
share
 any of which could materially adversely affect our profit margins.



Recently
 we have experienced significant increases in energy costs
 and energy costs could continue to rise
 which would result in higher distribution
 freight and other operating costs. Our future operating expenses and margins will be dependent
on our ability to manage the impact of cost increases.

Our products are subject to counterfeiting or imitation
 which could impact our reputation. 

To date
 we have experienced limited counterfeiting and imitation of our products. However
 counterfeiting or imitation of our products may occur in the future and we may not be able to detect it and deal with it effectively. Any occurrence of
counterfeiting or imitation could impact negatively upon our reputation
 particularly if the counterfeit or imitation products cause sickness
 or injury to consumers. In addition
 counterfeit or imitation products could result in our need to incur
costs with respect to the detection or prosecution of such activities.



We have hired Linyi Zhifu Labor Service Company to provide employees to our production facilities. Should Linyi Zhifu Labor Service Company be unable to continue to provide the number of employees we need
 our production could be disrupted. In
addition
 Linyi Zhifu Labor Service Company could raise their service fees or terminate their relationship with us in the future
 which may result in increased production costs.





The food industry is subject to extensive regulations by Chinese government agencies. Among other things
 these regulations govern the manufacturing
 importation
 processing
 packaging
 storage
 exportation
 distribution and labeling of our
products. New or amended statutes and regulations
 increased production at our existing facilities
 and our expansion into new operations and jurisdictions may require us to obtain new licenses and permits and could require us to change our methods
of operations at costs that could be substantial.



We carry on our business in an industry that is subject to PRC environmental protection laws and regulations. These laws and regulations require enterprises engaged in manufacturing and construction that may cause environmental waste to adopt
effective measures to control such waste. In addition
 such enterprises are required to pay fines
 or to cease operations entirely under extreme circumstances
 should they discharge waste substances. The Chinese government may also change the
existing laws or regulations or impose additional or stricter laws or regulations
compliance with which may cause us to incur significant capital expenditures
 which we may be unable to pass on to our customers through higher prices for our products.

19 






Manufacturers in the Chinese food industry are subject to compliance with PRC food hygiene laws and regulations. These food hygiene laws require all enterprises engaged in the production of chestnuts and various vegetables and fruits to obtain a
hygiene license for each of their production facilities. Such laws also require manufacturers to comply with regulations with respect to food
 food additives
 packaging
 and food production sites
 facilities and equipment. Failure to comply with PRC
food hygiene laws may result in fines
 suspension of operations
 loss of hygiene licenses and
 in more extreme cases
 criminal proceedings against an enterprise and its management. The Chinese government may also change the existing laws or
regulations or impose additional or stricter laws or regulations
 compliance with which may cause us to incur significant capital expenditures
 which we may be unable to pass on to our customers through higher prices for our products.



Our operations are cash intensive
 and our business could be adversely affected if we fail to maintain sufficient levels of working capital. 

We spend a significant amount of cash on our operations
 principally to procure raw materials for our products. Many of our suppliers
 including chestnut
 vegetable and fruit farmers
 and suppliers of packaging materials
 do not allow us to pay on
credit. However
 some of the suppliers with whom we have a long-standing business relationship allow us to pay on credit. We fund the majority of our working capital requirements out of cash flow generated from operations. If we fail to generate
sufficient sales
 or if our suppliers stop offering us credit terms
 we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our operating costs and our business could be adversely affected.

We also fund approximately 21.1% of our working capital requirements from the proceeds of short-term loans from Chinese banks. Our average loan balance from short-term bank loans in 2013 was approximately &#36;32.8 million. We expect to continue to
do so in the future. Such loans are generally secured by our fixed assets
 receivables and/or guarantees by third parties. The term of almost all such loans is one year or less. Historically
 we have rolled over such loans on an annual basis.
However
 we may not be able to roll over such loans in the future or may not have sufficient funds available to pay all of our borrowings upon maturity. Failure to roll over our short-term borrowings at maturity or to service our debt could result
in the imposition of penalties
 including increases in rates of interest
 legal actions against us by our creditors
 or even insolvency.

Management anticipates that our existing capital resources and cash flows from operations and current and expected short-term bank loans will be adequate to satisfy our liquidity requirements through 2014. However
 if available liquidity is not
sufficient to meet our operating and loan obligations as they come due
 our plans include considering pursuing alternative financing arrangements or further reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash requirements. However
 there is no
assurance that
 if required
 we will be able to raise additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide the required liquidity. Currently
 the capital markets for small capitalization companies are difficult and banking institutions
have become stringent in their lending requirements. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure of the availability or terms of any third party financing.



In 2008 and 2009
 some of our customers
 including some of our large supermarket customers
 delayed their payments for up to 60 to 90 days beyond their term. Our cash flow suffered while waiting for such payments. Consequently
 at times we had to
delay payments to our suppliers and to postpone business expansion as a result of these delayed payments. Starting in 2008 and through 2013
 we gradually shortened credit terms for many of our international and domestic customers from between 30 and
180 days to between 30 and 60 days. Our large customers may fail to meet these shortened credit terms
 in which case we may not have sufficient cash flow to fund our operating costs and our business could be adversely affected.

20 




The discontinuation of any preferential tax treatment or other incentives currently available to us in the PRC could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 

Our subsidiaries are entitled to certain special or preferential tax treatments regarding foreign enterprise income tax in accordance with the &#147;Income Tax Law of the PRC for Enterprises with Foreign Investment and Foreign Enterprises&#148; and
related rules.

Accordingly
 we have been entitled to tax concessions whereby the profit for the first two financial years beginning with the first profit-making year (after setting off tax losses carried forward from prior years) is exempt from income tax in the
PRC and the profit for each of the subsequent three financial years is taxed at 50% of the prevailing tax rates set by the relevant tax authorities. However
 on March 16
 2007
 the PRC&#146;s National People&#146;s Congress passed a new corporate
income tax law
 which became effective on January 1
 2008. This new corporate income tax unifies the corporate income tax rate
 cost deduction and tax incentive policies for both domestic and foreign-invested enterprises. According to the new
corporate income tax law
 the applicable corporate income tax rate of our operating subsidiaries has been increased to a rate of 25% over a five-year grandfather period. This tax rate increase applies across the board
 for all enterprises whether
domestic or foreign. The PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises that already started tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue utilizing the tax holidays until fully utilized. The discontinuation of any
such special or preferential tax treatment or other incentives could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

In addition
 under current PRC tax law
 regulations and rulings
 dividends from our operations in China paid to us are not currently subject to PRC income tax. If these distributions become subject to tax in the future
 our net income would be
adversely affected.



Additional financings could result in significant dilution to our earnings per share or the issuance of securities with rights superior to our current outstanding securities. For instance
 we may grant registration rights to investors purchasing our
equity or debt securities in the future.



If we are unable to raise additional financing when needed
 we may be unable to implement our long-term business plan
 develop or enhance our products and services
 take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures on a
timely basis
 if at all. In addition
 a lack of additional financing could force us to substantially curtail or cease operations.



The SEC
 under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 adopted rules requiring public companies to provide in their annual reports on Form 10-K a report by management with respect to the company&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and
internal control over financial reporting. We are currently required to comply with this requirement. In addition
 such rules require the independent registered public accounting firm auditing a company&#146;s financial statements to attest to the
operating effectiveness of such company&#146;s internal controls. However
 because we are a smaller reporting company
 we are not required to receive an attestation report from a registered public accounting firm. We can provide no assurance that we
will comply with all of the requirements imposed thereby. Further
 we cannot assure that we will receive a positive attestation from our independent auditors. Investors and others may lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements in
the event we identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner or if we are unable to receive a positive attestation from our independent auditors with respect to our
internal controls.

21 








Economic reforms adopted by the Chinese government have had a positive effect on the economic development of the country. However
 the Chinese government could change these economic reforms at any time. Such changes could negatively impact our
operations and profitability.



The Chinese economy differs from the economies of most countries belonging to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
 or OECD
 in several ways. For example
 state-owned enterprises constitute a large portion of the Chinese
economy. In addition
 weak corporate governance practices and the lack of flexible currency exchange policies continue to persist. As a result of these differences
 we may not develop in the same way or at the same rate as might be expected if the
Chinese economy were similar to those of the OECD member countries.



The Chinese legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike common law systems
 it is a system in which precedents set in earlier legal cases are not generally used. Laws
 regulations and legal requirements relating to foreign
investments in China are still evolving
 and their interpretation and enforcement involve uncertainties. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to foreign investors
 such as the right of foreign enterprises to hold required
business licenses and permits.



Our operating subsidiaries were organized under the laws of China and substantially all of their assets are located outside the U.S. In addition
 our executive officers and directors are residents of China and substantially all of their assets are
located outside the U.S. As a result
 it could be difficult for our stockholders to effect service of process in the U.S.
 or to enforce a judgment obtained in the U.S.
 against our officers and directors.



The majority of our revenues are settled in Renminbi and U.S. dollars
 and any future restrictions on currency exchanges may limit our ability to use revenue generated in Renminbi to fund any future business activities outside China or to make
dividends or other payments in U.S. dollars. Although the Chinese government introduced regulations in 1996 to allow greater convertibility of the Renminbi for current account transactions
 significant restrictions still remain. For instance
foreign enterprises may only buy
 sell or remit foreign currencies after providing valid commercial documents at banks in China authorized to conduct foreign exchange business. In addition
 conversion of Renminbi for capital account items
 including
direct investment and loans
 is subject to governmental approval in China
 and companies are required to open and maintain separate foreign exchange accounts for capital account items. The Chinese regulatory authorities may impose more stringent
restrictions on the convertibility of the Renminbi in the future.



In October 2005
 the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange
 or SAFE
 issued the Notice on Relevant Issues in the Foreign Exchange Control over Financing and Return Investment Through Special Purpose Companies by Residents Inside China
generally referred to as Circular 75
 which required PRC residents to register with the local SAFE branch before establishing or acquiring control over an offshore special purpose company
 or SPV
 for the purpose of engaging in an equity financing
outside of China on the strength of domestic PRC assets originally held by those residents. Internal implementing guidelines issued by SAFE
 which became public in June 2007 (known as Notice 106)
 further expanded the reach of Circular 75.

22 




ILH acquired certain interests in the Lorain Group Companies controlled by Si Chen
 our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to Notice No. 75 and Notice 106
 if a PRC resident has completed a round-trip investment through its established
SPV but has not yet completed the required procedures of SAFE registration for offshore investment of the SPV
 he must retroactively register the SPV with SAFE.

In order to avoid such SAFE registration requirements
 a Japanese individual
 Hisashi Akazawa
 was designated as a nominee holder of ILH when ILH was established. Mr. Akazawa granted an option to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Chen
allowing Mr. Chen to buy 90% of Mr. Akazawa&#146;s interest in the Company at a fixed price at a future time in accordance with the terms of an option agreement between the two parties. On December 22
 2008
 Mr. Chen exercised this option. In
addition
 on that date
 Mr. Chen acquired all of the remaining shares of our company held by Mr. Akazawa. As a result
 Mr. Chen is the beneficiary of ILH and may be required to register with and obtain approvals from SAFE or its agency with respect
to the direct offshore investment activities related to the acquisition of the Lorain Group Companies.

If the failure to identify and characterize Mr. Chen as a beneficial owner of ILH is determined by the PRC authorities to be a serious violation of the requirements of the PRC Company Law and the PRC Regulation of Registration of Companies
 the
Lorain Group Companies may be ordered by the company registration authority in the PRC to make corrections on its filed registration
 to be fined an amount no less than RMB 5
000 and no more than RMB 50
000 or
 in the worse scenario
 to have its
company registration certificate revoked or its business licenses canceled.

Moreover
 because of uncertainty over how Circular 75 will be interpreted and implemented
 and how or whether SAFE will apply it to us
 we cannot predict how it will affect our business operations or future strategies
 such as our present and
prospective PRC subsidiaries&#146; ability to conduct foreign exchange activities including the remittance of dividends and foreign currency-denominated borrowings. In addition
 our PRC resident beneficial holders may be subject to compliance with
Circular 75. Such holders may not be able to complete the necessary registration procedures required by Circular 75.



Our financial condition is affected by the foreign exchange rates
 primarily the rate between the U.S. dollar and the Renminbi. In the event that the Renminbi appreciates against the U.S. dollar
 our costs will increase.





Mr. Chen is the record owner of approximately 42.6% of our outstanding voting securities. As a result
 he possesses significant influence over our business. For instance
 Mr. Chen may elect our board of directors
 authorize significant corporate
transactions or prevent a future change in control of our company.



Our Articles of Incorporation authorize our board of directors to issue up to 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval. The preferred stock may be issued in one or more series
 the terms of which may be determined at the time
of issuance by the board of directors without further action by the stockholders. These terms may contain voting rights
 including the right to vote as a series on particular matters
 preferences as to dividends and liquidation
 conversion rights
and redemption rights provisions. The issuance of any preferred stock could diminish the rights of holders of our common stock
 and therefore could reduce the value of such common stock. In addition
 specific rights granted to future holders of
preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with
 or sell assets to
 a third party. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock could make it more difficult to acquire our company and could negatively affect the
market price of our common stock.

23 


The exercise of outstanding warrants issuable for shares
of our common stock may cause dilution to existing shareholders. 

aggregate of 1
753
909 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $3.70
subject to adjustments. These warrants expire in April 2015. If holders of these
warrants exercise the warrants in exchange for shares of our common stock
 such
issuances may have a dilutive effect on the stock ownership of existing
shareholders and may harm the market price of our stock. Furthermore
 if we were
to attempt to obtain additional financing during the term of these warrants
 the
terms on which we obtain such financing may be adversely affected by the
existence of these warrants.
We do not expect to pay dividends in the future
 and any
return on your investment may be limited to the value of the shares you acquire.


our common stock as of April 16
 2007
 we have never declared or paid cash
dividends. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in
the foreseeable future and any return on your investment may be limited to the
value of the shares of our common stock that you acquire. We currently intend to
retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our
business.




 which are owned except where otherwise
indicated
 are as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    

    

      Shandong 



    

    

 Shandong 



    

    

      Beijing 



    

    

 Hubei 



    

    

      Guangdong 



    

    

 Shandong 



    
  
    
    


    
  

      subsidiary of Athena
 a company controlled by Junan Hongrun


including refrigerated storage facilities
 and smaller offices
 including sales
offices
 located in China.

 we currently have land use rights to
 or
lease
 79 properties with approximately 380
473 square meters
 consisting of
manufacturing facilities
 office buildings and land reserved for future
expansion. We believe our current facilities provide adequate capacity for our
current and projected needs.

companies are permitted to acquire land use rights for specific purposes. In the
case of land used for industrial purposes
 the land use rights are granted for a
period of up to 50 years. This period may be renewed at the expiration of the
initial and any subsequent terms. Granted land use rights are transferable and
may be used as security for borrowings and other obligations.






 we may have disputes that arise in the
ordinary course of our business. Currently
 there are no material legal
proceedings to which we are a party
 or to which any of our property is subject
that we expect to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 


&#147;ALN&#148;. As of March 28
 2014 the closing price for our common stock was
$1.15 per share.

 for the periods indicated
 the
high and low sales prices of our common stock. These prices reflect inter-dealer
prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent
actual transactions.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
Common
      Stock
    

    
    
Market
      Prices
    

    
    


    
    
    

    

    

 2013
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 2012
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    




Approximate Number of Holders of Our Common
Stock

 2014
 there were 291 stockholders of record of
our common stock. This does not include the holders whose shares are held in a
depository trust in &#147;street&#148; name.


payment of a dividend in April 2007 in connection with our reverse merger. Any
future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors. We
currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and
expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future.










The information in Item 12 of this report is incorporated herein by reference. 



Not applicable.





We are an integrated food manufacturing company headquartered in Shandong Province
 China. We develop
 manufacture and sell the following types of food products:


Chestnut products


Convenience foods (including ready-to-cook
 or RTC
 foods
 ready-to-eat
 or RTE
 foods and meals ready-to-eat





We conduct our production activities in China. Our products are sold in the Chinese domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan
 South Korea and Europe. We believe that we are the largest chestnut processor
and manufacturer in China. We have developed brand equity for our chestnut products in China
 Japan and South Korea over the past 10 to 15 years. We produced 58 high value-added chestnut products in 2013. We derive most of our revenues from sales in
China
 Japan and South Korea. In 2014
 our primary strategy is to continue building our brand recognition in China through consistent marketing efforts towards supermarkets
 wholesalers


with other manufacturers and factories
 and enhancing the turnover for our existing chestnut
 convenience and frozen food products. In addition
 we are working to expand our marketing efforts in Asia
 Europe and the Middle East. We currently have
limited sales and marketing activity in the United States
 although our long-term plan is to significantly expand our activities there.



Our business depends on obtaining a reliable supply of various agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 fruits
 red meat
 fish
 eggs
 rice
 flour and packaging products. During 2013
 the cost of our raw materials decreased from
&#36;145
460
250 to &#36;141
159
775
 for a decrease of approximately 3.0% . We may have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw materials and expand our own agricultural operations in the future to meet growing production demands. Despite
our efforts to control our supply of raw materials and maintain good relationships with our suppliers
 we could lose one or more of our suppliers at any time. The loss of several suppliers may be difficult to replace and could increase our reliance
on higher cost or lower quality suppliers
 which could negatively affect our profitability. In addition
 if we have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw materials in the future to meet growing production demands
 we may not be able to
locate new suppliers who could provide us with sufficient materials to meet our needs. Any interruptions to
 or decline in
 the amount or quality of our raw materials supply could materially disrupt our production and adversely affect our business
and financial condition and financial prospects.

The average price that we paid for chestnuts in 2013 and 2012 was approximately &#36;1
507 metric ton and &#36;1
433 per metric ton
 respectively
 excluding value added taxes. In the past few years
 increasing inflation pressures weighed on the
Chinese economy which reflected on agricultural product prices. We do not have effective means and do not currently hedge against changes in our raw material prices. Consequently
 if the costs of our raw materials increase further and we are unable
to offset these increases by raising the prices of our products
 our profit margins and financial condition could be adversely affected.

26 






We spend a significant amount of cash on our operations
 principally to procure raw materials for our products. Many of our suppliers
 including chestnut
 vegetable and fruit farmers
 and suppliers of packaging materials
 require us to pay for their
supplies in cash on the same day that such supplies are delivered to us. However
 some of the suppliers with whom we have a long-standing business relationship allow us to pay on credit. We fund the majority of our working capital requirements out
of cash flow generated from operations. If we fail to generate sufficient sales
 or if our suppliers stop offering us credit terms
 we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our operating costs and our business could be adversely affected.

We also funded approximately 21.1% and 24.4% of our working capital requirements in 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 from the proceeds of short-term loans from Chinese banks. We expect to continue to do so in the future. Such loans are generally secured
by our fixed assets
 receivables and/or guarantees by third parties. Our average loan balance from short-term bank loans in 2013 and 2012 were approximately &#36;32.8 million and &#36;34.4 million
 respectively. The term of almost all such loans is
one year or less. Historically
 we have rolled over such loans on an annual basis. However
 in recent years
 the Chinese government has implemented more stringent credit policies to curb inflation and soaring property prices
 which could negatively
impact our ability to obtain or roll over these short term loans
 and hence not having sufficient funds available to pay all of our borrowings upon maturity. Failure to roll over our short-term borrowings at maturity or to service our debt could
result in the imposition of penalties
 including increases in rates of interest
 legal actions against us by our creditors
 or even insolvency. In addition
 we completed two private placement financings in September 2010 and October 2009 with net
proceeds of &#36;9.0 million and &#36;10.9 million
 respectively
 the proceeds of which were primarily used as working capital. We also secured a &#36;15 million loan from Deutsche Investitions- und Entwicklungsgesellshaft (&#147;DEG&#148;) in May
2010
 which we have fully drawn down in 2011. We can provide no assurances that we will be able to enter into any future financing or refinancing agreements on terms favorable to us
 especially considering the
current instability of the capital markets. 

We anticipate that our existing capital resources
 cash flows from operations and current and expected short-term bank loans will be adequate to satisfy our liquidity requirements through 2014. However
 if available liquidity is not sufficient to
meet our operating and loan obligations as they come due
 our plans include considering pursuing alternative financing arrangements or further reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash requirements. However
 there is no assurance that
 if
required
 we will be able to raise additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide the required liquidity. Currently
 the capital markets for small capitalization companies are difficult and banking institutions have become stringent
in their lending requirements. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure of the availability or terms of any third party financing.

In 2008 and 2009
 some of our customers
 including some of our large supermarket customers
 delayed their payments for up to 60 to 90 days beyond their term. Our cash flow suffered while waiting for such payments. Consequently
 at times we had to
delay payments to our suppliers and to postpone business expansion as a result of these delayed payments. Starting in 2008 and through 2013 we gradually shortened credit terms for many of our international and domestic customers from between 30 and
180 days to between 30 and 60 days. Our large customers may fail to meet these shortened credit terms
 in which case we may not have sufficient cash flow to fund our operating costs and our business could be adversely affected. 



On March 13
 2014
 we acquired 12
750 shares
 or 51% share capital
 of Athena from two existing shareholders of Athena for an aggregate purchase price of &#128;1
995
000 (or approximately US&#36;2
702
650) of which &#128;500
000 (or approximately
US&#36;677
350) (&#147;Deferred Payment&#148;) remains due and payable to Intiraimi on February 7
 2015 under the Intiraimi Purchase Agreement if certain conditions are met. Under the terms of the Intiraimi Purchase Agreement
 we agreed to pledge
12
750 shares
 or 51% share capital
 of Athena to Intiraimi to guarantee the Deferred Payment.

Athena is a holding company which holds all of the capital and the voting shares of Conserverie Minerve
 a company organized under French law. Conserverie Minerve specializes in the processing and sale of chestnut and prepared foods products in the Europe. Conserverie Minerve
operates its businesses through the following
 direct and indirect
 wholly owned
subsidiaries:

27 



  
 a company under French law;
  
 a real estate company under French law;
  
 a real estate company under French law; and
  
 a company under Portuguese law. 

 on March 13
 2014
we issued a Convertible Promissory Note (&#147;Note&#148;) in the principal amount of
US$3.5 million (the &#147;Principal Amount&#148;) to an investor. Under the terms of the
Note
 interest on the outstanding Principal Amount accrues at a rate of 4.5% per
annum
 and all accrued but unpaid interest is due and payable on June 30
 2014
and on the last day of each quarter thereafter. If the Note is not converted
pursuant to the terms of the Note
 additional interest on the outstanding
Principal Amount shall accrue at a rate of 4.5% per annum and payable at the
maturity of the Note. Unless the Note is otherwise accelerated or converted
 the
unpaid Principal Amount of the Note
 together with all accrued but unpaid
interest
 is due and payable
 at the election of the investor
 on September 13
2014 or March 13
 2015 (&#147;Maturity Date&#148;)
 provided
 however
 if the investor
fails to notify the Company in writing by August 13
 2014 that it elects the
maturity date of September 13
 2014
 then the Maturity Date will be extended to
March 13
 2015. In addition
 under the terms of the Note
 at any time commencing
on or after September 13
 2014 and before March 13
 2015
 the investor may
convert in whole or in part the outstanding Principal Amount into a number of
shares of our Common Stock of the Company on a per share conversion price of
$1.15
 as may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions
of the Note (&#147;Conversion Price&#148;); provided
 however
 the Company will not effect
any conversion of the Note
 and the investor will not have the right to convert
any portion of the Note
 to the extent (but only to the extent) that the Holder
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as
defined below)
 which beneficial ownership will be calculated in accordance with
Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The
&#147;Beneficial Ownership Limitation&#148; is 9.99% of the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note. The Note is secured by the
personal guarantee of Si Chen
 our chief executive officer and chairman.


operations for the periods indicated
 and the differences between the two
periods expressed in dollars and percentages. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    
Year Ended
      December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




















    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
  

    


    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
  

    


    




    




    




    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




















    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    


    




    




    




    




    
      
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

  

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

  

    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

  

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

  

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

  

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

  

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

  

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

  

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    







 2013 Compared to Year Ended December
31
 2012 

. Net revenues decreased by $24.4 million
 or
approximately 10.2%
 to $215.3 million in 2013 from $239.7 million in 2012. This
decrease was attributable to the decreased revenues from sales of our chestnut
and convenience food products
 as reflected in the following table:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
Year Ended
      December 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

U.S.
      dollars)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



709






101






392





    



    
    

213

    
    

575

    
    

361

    
    
    
    

    




357







996







360










    
    

279

    
    

673

    
    

393

    
    
    



domestic sales and exports. Revenues from sales in the Chinese domestic market
decreased by approximately $12.0 million
 or approximately 7.0%
 in 2013. As a
percentage of total revenues
 revenues from sales in the domestic PRC market
increased slightly to approximately 73.8% from approximately 71.3% in 2012.

 in 2013
 revenues from international sales to
Japan
 South Korea
 United Kingdom
 and Belgium as well as other countries
decreased
 in the aggregate
 approximately $12.4 million
 or 18.0%
 compared to
2012. See Note 15 to the financial statements contained in this report for more
information on the breakdown of our sales pursuant to geographic region. 
 Our cost of revenues decreased $16.5
million
 or approximately 8.7%
 to $172.1 million in 2013 from $188.6 million in
2012. This decrease was attributable to the following factors
 by
percentage:





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    



      (depreciation
 utilities
 freight

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

159
775
 or approximately
3.0%
 in 2013 from $145
460
250 in 2012; external purchases of finished products
decreased by 42.9%
 primarily reflecting our decreased operation and sales.
Overhead expenses increased primarily due to increased depreciation expenses and
utility expenses. Wages increased primarily due to increase in salary level. The
following table reflects the changes in our cost of revenues in 2013 as compared
to 2012 among our different segments:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    














    



    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    














    



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


. Our gross profit decreased $7.9 million
or 15.5%
 to $43.2 million in 2013 from $51.1 million in 2012 as a result of
lower net revenues
 partially offset by lower cost of revenues
 for the reasons
indicated above.

. Our selling and
marketing expenses decreased approximately $1.2 million
 or 10.5%
 to $10.5 in
2013 from $11.7 million in 2012. The following table reflects the main factors
that contributed to this increase as well as the dollar amount that each factor
contributed to this increase:


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


    

    
    
costs
      in 2013
    

    
    
over
      2012 ($)
    

    






  

    
    


    

    






  

    
    

076




an aggregate of $0.8 million increase of other factors
 including wages of sales
personnel
 storage rental
 and supermarket fee.
 Our general and
administrative expenses decreased approximately $0.3 million
 or 3.7%
 to $7.2
million in 2013 from $7.5 million in 2012. The following table reflects the main
factors that contributed to this decrease as well as the dollar amount that each
factor contributed to this decrease:






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


    

    
    
costs
      in 2013
    

    
    
over
      2012 ($)
    

    






  

    
    


    

    






  

    
    






million in 2012 to $1.6 million in 2013
 representing grants received mostly
from the Junan County government and Beijing government to assist us in our
research and business development.


million
 or 21.1%
 to $23.3 million in 2013 from $29.5 million in 2012 as a
result of lower revenues
 partially offset by lower costs of revenues and
operating expenses
 for the reasons indicated above.


 or 28.0%
 to
$5.6 million in 2013
 as compared to $7.7 million in 2012. This decrease was
attributable to the lower income earned in 2013 as compared to 2012.
Minority
Interest

equity of our subsidiary Shandong Lorain
 which is reflected in the minority
interest of $1.1 million in 2013 and $1.3 million in 2012. 


 or 18.6%
 to $16.6 million
in 2013 from $20.4 million in 2012
 as a result of the factors described above.




requirements necessitated by our sales growth
 adding new products and expanding
our facilities. In the past
 our primary sources of financing have been cash
generated from operations and short-term loans from banks in China. In October
2009 and September 2010
 we obtained approximately $11 million and 9 million
respectively
 from two private placement transactions. We also secured a $15
million loan from Deutsche Investitions- und Entwicklungsgesellshaft (&#147;DEG&#148;) in
May 2010 which we have fully drawn down in 2011. Proceeds from the private
placement transactions and cash drawn down from the DEG loan
 together with cash
generated from operations and short-term bank loans
 have been primarily used to
fund our working capital needs
 as well as addition to our construction in
progress and purchase of fixed assets. At December 31
 2013 and 2012
 cash and
cash equivalents (including restricted cash) were $35.7 million and $36.3
million
 respectively. 

capital needs in 2014 from cash generated from operations and short-term bank
loans. We expect that anticipated cash flows from operations and short-term bank
loans will be sufficient to fund our operations through at least the next twelve
months. 

 we believe that cash on hand
cash flows from operations and funds available under our bank facilities will be
sufficient to fund our capital needs for the next twelve (12) months. However
if available liquidity is not sufficient to meet our operating and loan
obligations as they come due
 our plans include pursuing alternative financing arrangements or reducing expenditures as
necessary to meet our cash requirements. However
 there is no assurance that we
will be able to raise additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to
provide liquidity
 if needed. Currently
 the capital markets for small
capitalization companies are difficult. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure of the
availability or terms of any alternative financing arrangements.





cash flow for all financial statements periods presented in this report.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    
For year
      ended December 31

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    




















    


    
    


    


















and net cash provided by operating activities for 2012 was $9.0 million. The
decrease of approximately $17.4 million in net cash flows provided by operating
activities resulted primarily from a lower net income of $4.1 million
 a higher
prepayment of $1.5 million
 and a higher increase in accounts and other
receivables of $13.6 million.


 our uses of cash for investment activities are
primarily to purchase equipment and land use rights. Net cash used in investing
activities for 2013 and 2012 were $21.0 million and $3.3 million
 respectively
with the increase of approximately $17.6 million cash used in investing
activities resulted primarily from $11.4 million higher payment for the purchase
of land use rights
 $15.0 million higher payment for the purchase of plant and
equipment
 partially offset by $15.3 million decrease of security deposit. 


$29.0 million and $8.3 million
 respectively. The increase of approximately
$20.7 million in net cash provided by financing activities resulted primarily
from an increase of $30.2 million in long-term borrowings and notes payable
partially offset by $8.7 million decrease in long term bank borrowings.


 2013 and 2012
 we carried $29.4 million and
$28.7 million short term bank loans from Chinese domestic banks. Please refer to
Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements for details. 


United States generally accepted accounting principles requires our management
to make assumptions
 estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in
the financial statements
 including the notes thereto
 and related disclosures
of commitments and contingencies
 if any. We consider our critical accounting
policies to be those that require the more significant judgments and estimates
in the preparation of financial statements
 including the following:
 We maintain our general ledger
and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting
purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management.
Accounting policies adopted by us conform to generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America and have been consistently applied in
the presentation of financial statements
 which are compiled on the accrual
basis of accounting.




 The preparation of the financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.
Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the
time the estimates are made; however
 actual results could differ materially
from those estimates.

accounts such as accounts receivable
 inventory
 fixed assets
 and intangible
assets. We use estimates to account for the related bad debt allowance
inventory impairment charges
 depreciation and amortization of our assets. In
the food processing industry these accounts have a significant impact on the
valuation of our balance sheet and the results of our operations.
 The consolidated
financial statements are presented in US Dollars and include the accounts of the
Company and its commonly controlled entity. All significant inter-company
balances and transactions are eliminated in combination.

 2013
 the particulars of the commonly
controlled entities are as follows:


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
Attributable
      equity
    
    
    

    

    
    


    
    
interest
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

238

    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

145

    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

965

    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

636

    



      Co.

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

513

    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




    


    
    
    
    
    

927



 --
The long-lived assets held and used by us are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets
may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become
impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Determination of
recoverability of assets to be held and used is by comparing the carrying amount
of an asset to future net undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the
assets.

 the impairment to
be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the
assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are
reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to
sell.

 there was no impairment loss.
 Our revenue recognition policies
are in compliance with Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales revenue is
recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement
exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 we have
no other significant obligations and collectability is reasonably assured.
Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition
are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.

 net of a
value-added tax (VAT). No product return or sales discount allowance is made as
products delivered and accepted by customers are normally not returnable and
sales discount is normally not granted after products are delivered.





to our customers
 or third party transporters
 revenue is recognized. Our
industry does not call for revenue recognition under multiple deliverable
arrangements.


accounts receivable
 other receivable
 advances to suppliers
 advances to
employees
 bank loans and notes
 accounts payable
 other payable
 accrued
liabilities
 and long-term liabilities.

 accounts
receivable
 other receivable
 advances to suppliers
 advances to employees
 bank
loans and notes
 accounts payable
 other payable
 and accrued liabilities
approximate their fair values based on their short-term nature. The recorded
values of long-term liabilities approximate their fair values
 as interest
approximates market rates.

for our financial statements in 2013 and 2012. We consider it critical because
our business is becoming more global in nature and the use of fair value for
financial instruments has been widely adopted by accounting bodies around the
globe. With financial statements that are widely accepted and comparable in many
jurisdictions we will have greater access to capital locally.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-01

(&#147;ASU 2013-01&#148;).
receivables are not in the scope of Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-11
Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities.
Specifically
 Update 2011-11 applies only to derivatives
 repurchase agreements
and reverse purchase agreements
 and securities borrowing and securities lending
transactions that are either offset in accordance with specific criteria
 or subject to a
master netting arrangement or similar agreement. The amendments in this Update
are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
beginning on or after January 1
 2013. Management does not expect the adoption
of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated
financial position or results of operations. 

 the amendments that are subject to the
transition guidance is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
2012. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a
significant effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial position or results
of operations. 

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-02
 &#147;Reporting
of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income&#148; (&#147;ASU
2013-02&#148;). The amendments require an organization to: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      income is presented or in the notes) the effects on the line items of net
      income of significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other
      comprehensive income&#150;but only if the item reclassified is required under
      U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same
      reporting period.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      under U.S. GAAP for other reclassification items (that are not required
      under U.S. GAAP) to be reclassified directly to net income in their
      entirety in the same reporting period. This would be the case when a
      portion of the amount reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
      income is initially transferred to a balance sheet account (e.g.
      inventory for pension-related amounts) instead of directly to income or
      expense.

after December 15
 2012
 for public companies. Management does not expect the
adoption of this standard will have a significant effect on the Company&#146;s
consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-03
 &#147;Clarifying
the Scope and Applicability of a Particular Disclosure to Nonpublic Entities&#148;
(&#147;ASU 2013-03&#148;). The amendment clarifies that the requirement to disclose the
level of the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurements are categorized in their entirety (as Level 1
 Level 2
 or Level 3) does not apply to private companies and nonpublic not-for-profits for items that are not measured at fair
value in the statement of financial position
 but for which fair value is disclosed. The amendments are effective upon issuance. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a significant effect on the Company&#146;s
consolidated financial position or results of operations.







In March 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-04
 &#147;Obligations Resulting from Joint and Several Liability Arrangements for Which the Total Amount of the Obligation Is Fixed at the Reporting Date&#148; (&#147;ASU 2013-04&#148;). The update
provides guidance for the recognition
 measurement
 and disclosure of obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation within the scope of this ASU is fixed at the reporting date
except for obligations addressed within existing guidance in US GAAP. The guidance requires an entity to measure those obligations as the sum of the amount the reporting entity agreed to pay on the basis of its arrangement among its co-obligors and
any additional amount the reporting entity expects to pay on behalf of its co-obligors. The guidance in this ASU also requires an entity to disclose the nature and amount of the obligation as well as other information about those obligations. The
amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2013. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a significant effect on the Company&#146;s
consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

In March 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-05
 &#147;Parent&#146;s Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign
Entity&#148; (&#147;ASU 2013-05&#148;). The ASU clarifies that when a parent entity ceases to have a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or group of assets that is a nonprofit activity or a business (other than a sale of in substance real
estate or conveyance of oil and gas mineral rights) within a foreign entity
 the parent is required to apply the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification 830-30 to release any related cumulative translation adjustment into net income. The ASU
provides that the cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income only if the sale or transfer results in the complete or substantially complete liquidation of the foreign entity in which the subsidiary or group of assets had
resided. The amendments take effect prospectively for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013
 and interim reporting periods within those years. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a
significant effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

In March 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-07
 &#147;Liquidation Basis of Accounting&#148; (&#147;ASU 2013-07&#148;). The ASU requires an entity to prepare its financial statements using the liquidation basis of accounting when liquidation is
imminent. Liquidation would be considered imminent when the likelihood is remote that the reporting entity would return from liquidation and either: (a) a plan for liquidation has been approved by the person or persons with the authority to make
such a plan effective and the likelihood is remote that the execution of the plan will be blocked by other parties or the entity will return from liquidation
 or (b) a plan for liquidation is imposed by other forces
 and the likelihood is remote
that the entity will return from liquidation. If a plan for liquidation was specified in an entity&#146;s governing documents at its inception (for example
 limited-life entities)
 then liquidation would be imminent only if the approved plan for
liquidation differs from the plan specified at the entity&#146;s inception. The amendments take effect for all entities reporting under U.S. GAAP
 except investment companies that are regulated under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The standard
is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 31
 2013
 and interim reporting periods therein. Early adoption is permitted. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a significant effect on the
Company&#146;s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

In July 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-11
 &#147;Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists
&#148; does not include
explicit guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. There is diversity in practice in the presentation of
unrecognized tax benefits in those instances. Some entities present unrecognized tax benefits as a liability unless the unrecognized tax benefit is directly associated with a tax position taken in a tax year that results in
 or that resulted in
 the
recognition of a net operating loss or tax credit carryforward for that year and the net operating loss or tax credit carryforward has not been utilized. Other entities present unrecognized tax benefits as a reduction of a deferred tax asset for a
net operating loss or tax credit carryforward in certain circumstances. The objective of the amendments in this Update is to eliminate that diversity in practice.

35 




As of December 31
 2013
 there are no other recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would have a material effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements 



We do not have any off-balance arrangements. 



Not applicable.



The full text of our audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31
 2013 begins on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.



None.





We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (&#147;Exchange Act&#148;)) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Exchange Act reports is
recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#146;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act
 our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31
 2013. Based on that
evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31
 2013
 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
described below.





Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in Internal Control&#151;Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation
 our management concluded that
 as of December 31
 2013
 our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective.

The material weakness and significant deficiency identified by our management as of December 31
 2013 relates to the ability of the Company to record transactions and provide disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We did not have sufficient and
skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level of technical accounting knowledge
and experience in the application of U.S. GAAP commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. For example
 our staff members do not hold licenses such as Certified Public Accountant or Certified Management Accountant in the U.S.
 have not
attended U.S. institutions for training as accountants
 and have not attended extended educational programs that would provide sufficient relevant education relating to U.S. GAAP. Our staff will require substantial training to meet the demands of a
U.S. public company and our staff&#146;s understanding of the requirements of U.S. GAAP-based reporting are inadequate.

36 






We plan to provide U.S. GAAP training sessions to our accounting team. The training sessions will be organized to help our corporate accounting team gain experience in U.S. GAAP reporting and to enhance their awareness of new and emerging
pronouncements with potential impact over our financial reporting. In November 2013
 we organized a corporate wide
 three day training session for all finance and accounting staff. In October 2013
 we participated in a speech in given by Mr. Robert
Khuzami
 former Director of Enforcement at the U.S. Securities &amp; Exchange Commission from 2009- 2013 who led a key reorganization of the Division of Enforcement. The speech covered the current SEC and DOJ enforcement environments
 the
implications of increased local government enforcement activities
 SEC compliance obligations for foreign issuers
 among other things. In January 2014
 we attended the training session featuring a COSO update from Mr. Robert B. Hirth
 Chairman of
the COSO. We plan to continue to participate in such educational seminars
 tutorials
 and conferences in future. 



During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 there were no material changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation performed during the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report that has
materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.



Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;

(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
our management and directors; and

(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or detect all misstatements. A control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only
reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of such controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of misstatements
 if any
 have been detected or prevented. Also
projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.

37 





ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE

Proxy Statement related to our 2014 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference.


Proxy Statement related to our 2014 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Proxy Statement related to our 2014 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference.






the end of fiscal year 2013 is as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
options

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
options

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    




    




    










334

    




    




    


    



334



    
    




    



Plan (&#147;2009 Plan&#148;) and assumed by the Company in a merger. No additional options
may be granted under the assumed 2009 Plan. 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Proxy Statement related to our 2014 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES

Proxy Statement related to our 2014 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference.





ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES


Statements&#148; beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
    

    


 as filed
      with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 15
 2009
 Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant&#146;s registration statement on
      Form S-3 filed on January 29
 2010. 

    


 Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant&#146;s registration statement on Form S-3 filed
      on January 29
 2010. 

    


      Preferred Stock of the registrant as filed with the Secretary of State of
      Delaware on April 9
 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
      registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8- K filed on May 9
 2007 in
      commission file number 0- 31619. 

    


      Preferred Stock of registrant as filed with the Secretary of State of
      Delaware on April 30
 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to
      the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 9
 2007.
  

    


      Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on
      October 29
 2009. 

    


      Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on
      October 29
 2009. 

    


 dated as of October 28
      2009. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the registrant&#146;s current
      report on Form 8-K filed on October 29
 2009. 

    


 dated as of September 9
      2010
 by and among American Lorain Corporation and the purchasers named
      therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the registrant&#146;s
      current report on Form 8-K filed on September 13
 2010. 

    


 dated as of September 9
 2010
 by
      and among American Lorain Corporation
 the purchasers named therein and Si
      Chen. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the registrant&#146;s
      current report on Form 8-K filed on September 13
 2010. 

    


      2009
 by and between American Loan Corporation and the purchasers named
      therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant&#146;s
      current report on Form 8-K filed on October 29
 2009. 

    


      2010
 by and among American Loan Corporation
 Si Chen and the purchasers
      named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the
      registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on September 13
 2010.
    

    


 dated as of September 9
      2010
 by and among American Lorain Corporation
 the purchasers named
      therein
 Si Chen and the collateral agent named therein. Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K
      filed on September 13
 2010. 

    


 dated May 31
 2010
 between Junan Hongrun
      Foodstuff Co. Ltd. and DEG-Deutsche Investitions- Und
      Entwicklungsgesellschaft MBH. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12
      to the registrant&#146;s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11
      2010. 

    


 2014 by and
      between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Intiraimi. Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K
      filed on February 13
 2014. 

    


      2014 by and between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Biobranco II.
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant&#146;s current
      report on Form 8-K filed on February 13
 2014. 

    


 2014 by and
      among Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 Athena
 and the other
      shareholders of Athena. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the
      registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 13
 2014.
  





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

      Policy and Code of Conduct
 adopted on April 30
 2007. Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 14 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K
      filed on May 9
 2007. 

    
List of subsidiaries of the
      registrant * 

    


    Accounting Firm *

31.1
    


      Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
      of 2002 * 

    
Certification of Chief Financial
      Officer
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 * 


    


      Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted
      pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 * 

    
Certification of Chief Financial
      Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
      Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 * 







Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  
    
    
  
    
    
  
    
    





    

    

 Chief
      Executive Officer 

1934
 this annual report has been signed by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 








  
    
    
    

    



 2014 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
  
    
    
    

    
    
    

    


    

    
    

 2014 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    

    



 2014 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    

    
    

 2014 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    

    
    

 2014 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    

    
    

 2014 

    
    
    







 2013 AND 2012 






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    

    
    




    

    
    



    




  



REPORT OF REGISTERED INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

  

    



American Lorain Corporation of December 31
 2013 and 2012 and the related
consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
 stockholders' equity
and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits.

Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

 the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of
American Lorain Corporation as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

 P.C. 




 P.C. 




      Accountants 





CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
AT DECEMBER 31
(Stated in US
Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
At December 31


    
    
At December 31


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    




    






    

857

    
    

345

    







842






998







    

071

    
    

734

    







698






861





    
    

950

    
    

072

    







400






295







    

168

    
    


    
























242

    




293

    









411







158



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    




    




    
    
    
    
    


    



      plant and equipment
 



561






639







    

665

    
    
    
    



      rights
 




407







296





    




046

    




365

    
  

    


    




    




    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    




    






    

400

    
    

725

    







713






226







    

015

    
    

646

    







422






005







    

315

    
    


    






















    

034

    
    

584

    
  

    


    




    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    







079






382











823

    




696

    
  

    


    




    




    
    

937

    
    

662




Accountant&#146;s Report 




CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
AT DECEMBER 31
(Stated in US
Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
At December 31


    
    
At December 31


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    




    





 $.001 par
      value
 5
000
000 
    shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding at
      
    December 31
 2013 and 2012

    
    
    
    
    
    



      Stock
 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares 
    authorized; 34
616
714 shares
      issued and outstanding as 
    of December 31
 2013 and 2012















    
    

487

    
    

487

    


    



396






922





    
    

257

    
    

097

    







928






210





    




003

    




949

    


TOTAL STOCKHOLDER&#146;S
      EQUITY




108







702



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
      




046







365




Accountant&#146;s Report 




CONSOLIDATED
FOR THE YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND 2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
For the
      years ended December 31

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


279

    
    


673

    


    




107

    




565

    




    

172
043

    
    

107
975

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

507

    
    

741

    








231

    




506

    


    
    

738

    
    

248

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




433

    




859

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

606

    
    

225

    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    

484

    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    




152

    




032

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

262
332

    
    

481
412

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




573

    




737

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    




688

    




743

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    




    

717

    
    


    


    




406

    




600

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    

633
895

    
    

422
668

    


    




054

    




321

    


    




688

    




743

    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    








    




    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

616

    
    

533

    








616

    




533




Accountant&#146;s Report 




CONSOLIDATED
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2013 AND
2012 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    
For the
      years ended December 31

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    




    




    
    

688

    
    

743

    






    










    
    

226

    
    

767

    




















    
    
    
    


    







114






499


  




    

877

    
    

723

    







786








  




    


    
    


    








121









  








445

    




955

    
  

    


    




    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    












    






    

034

    
    

029

    







411








  




    

155

    
    

018

    








051







277


  








968

    




347

    
  

    














    
    
    
    
    
    
    







180






347


  




    
    
    
    

123

    







823






580





    
    

654

    
    
    
    






    




    










    





    








988







324



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    













933



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    







937






059



  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    








345







353





    




857

    




345

    
  

    


    




    




Supplementary cash flow
      information:
    
    
    
    
    
    




    




    

285







    

386

    
    

891

    




    

364
077



    

233
483




Accountant&#146;s Report 








 31
 IN US


style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 January 1




507












015






976






939






353






628






948





    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    






    




    










    




    




    




    







  


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

743

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

743

    






    




    




    




    





321





    





321





    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

264

    
    

264

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    




    




    










    




    




    










    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
  

    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    





 December 31

    

616

    
    


    
    

487

    
    

922

    
    

097

    
    

210

    
    

949

    
    

702

    
  

    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    





 January 1

    

616

    
    


    
    

487

    
    

922

    
    

097

    
    

210

    
    

949

    
    

702

    


    


    




    




    




    





688





    




    





688





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

054

    
    
    
    
    

054

    
    
    
    






    




    




    





474






474





    




    




    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

717

    
    
    
    
    

717

    
  

    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    





 December 31

    

616

    
    


    
    

487

    
    

396

    
    

257

    
    

928

    
    

003

    
    

108




Accountant&#146;s Report 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    

ORGANIZATION
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND PRINCIPAL
      ACTIVITIES
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
Organization history of American Lorain Corporation
      (formerly known as Millennium Quest
 Inc.)
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      originally a Delaware corporation incorporated on February 4
 1986. On
      November 12
 2009
 the Company filed a statement of merger in the state of
      Nevada to transfer the Company&#146;s jurisdiction from Delaware to
    Nevada.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
Organization History of International Lorain Holding
      Inc. and its subsidiaries
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Holding Inc. (&#147;ILH&#148;). ILH is a Cayman Islands company incorporated on
      August 4
 2006 and was wholly-owned by Mr. Hisashi Akazawa until May 3
      2007. ILH presently has two direct wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Junan
      Hongrun and Luotian Lorain
 and three indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries
      through Junan Hongrun
 which are Beijing Lorain
 Dongguan Lorain
 and
      Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. (&#147;Shandong Greenpia&#148;).
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 the Company directly and indirectly has
      80.2% ownership of Shandong Lorain. The rest of the 19.8%
 which is owned
      by the State under the name of Shandong Economic Development Investment
      Co. Ltd.
 is not included as a part of the Group.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2009
 the Company
 through its Junan Hongrun
      subsidiary
 invested cash to establish Dongguan Lorain. Dongguan Lorain is
      indirectly 100% beneficially owned by the Company.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2010
 the Company signed an equity transfer
      agreement with Shandong Greenpia. Shandong Greenpia was originally
      directly owned by Taebong Inc. and Shandong Luan Trade Company. The
      Company paid $2
100
000 to Korean Taebong Inc. for 50% equity of Shandong
      Greenpia on September 20
 2010. On September 23
 2010
 the Company issued
      731
707 shares of restricted stock at an agreed price of $2.87 per share
      to the owner of Shandong Luan Trade Company
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei
 for the
      remaining 50% equity of Shandong Greenpia. Since September 23
 2010
      Shandong Greenpia was directly owned by both Junan Hongrun and ILH. As a
      result
 Shandong Greenpia is 100% owned by the Company. Accordingly
 the
      Company booked a gain of $383
482 which is included in the statement of
      income as other income.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 manufactures
 and sells convenience
      foods (including ready-to-cook (or RTC) foods; ready-to-eat (or RTE) foods
      and meals ready-to-eat (or MRE); chestnut products; and frozen foods
 in
      hundreds of varieties. The Company operates through indirect Chinese
      subsidiaries. The products are sold in domestic markets as well as
      exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan
 South Korea and
      Europe.
  
    
    
    
  
    

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
  POLICIES
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting purposes. The
      financial statements and notes are representations of management.
      Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted
      accounting principles in the United States of America and have been
      consistently applied in the presentation of financial statements
 which
      are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      presentation of changes in assets and liabilities in the statement of cash
      flows for the period ended December 31
 2013 in order to be consistent
      with the presentation provided for the year ended December 31
 2012. There
      was no impact in earnings for the regrouping.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 liabilities
 and net income or loss of those wholly-owned subsidiaries; ownership interests of non-controlling investors are recorded as non-controlling interests.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2013
 the detailed identities of the
      consolidating subsidiaries are as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
Attributable
      equity
    
    
    

    

    

    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    





    




    


    

238
040




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

145

    

    





    




    





965




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

636

    

    


      Co.



    




    





513




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    











    





927




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    


      conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
      States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
      that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
      of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
      statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
      reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best
      information available at the time the estimates are made; however actual
      results could differ materially from those estimates.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash
      equivalents.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought
      and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. All
      securities not included in trading securities are classified as
      available-for-sale.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are
      included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of
      the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from
      net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive
      income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of
      available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification
      basis.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      security below cost that is deemed to be other-than- temporary results in
      a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged as
      an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new
      cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether
      impairment is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has
      the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price
      recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the
      investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence
      considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and
      duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and
      forecasted performance of the investee.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      life of the related available-for-sale security as an adjustment to yield
      using the effective-interest method. Dividend and interest income are
      recognized when earned.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An
      estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount
      is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      materials are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods
      are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor and an appropriate
      proportion of overhead.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
Customer deposits and advances to
  suppliers
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      connection with orders of products to be delivered in future
    periods.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      supplier for the purpose of committing the supplier to provide product
      promptly upon delivery of the Company&#146;s purchase order for raw materials
      supplies
 equipment
 building materials etc. Pursuant to the Company&#146;s
      arrangements with its suppliers
 this deposit is generally 20% of the
      total amount contracted for. This type of transaction is classified as a
      prepayment category under the account name &#147;Advance to Suppliers&#148; until
      such time as the Company&#146;s purchase order is delivered
 at which point
      this account is reduced by reclassification of the applicable amount to
      the appropriate asset account such as inventory or fixed assets or
      construction in progress.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
Property
 plant and equipment
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
      using the straight-line method with a salvage value of 10%. Estimated
      useful lives of the plant and equipment are as
follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or
      loss is included in the statement of income. The cost of maintenance and
      repairs is charged to income as incurred
 whereas significant renewals and
      betterments are capitalized.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      construction or acquisition costs. The construction in progress is
      transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities
      necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No
      depreciation is provided until the asset is completed and ready for
      intended use.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided
      using the straight-line method over 40-50 years.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived
      Assets
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting
      Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Subtopic 360-10-35
 &#147;Accounting for the
      Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
&#148; for impairment whenever
      events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
      assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets
      could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes.
      Impairment is present if carrying amount of an asset is less than its
      undiscounted cash flows to be generated.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 a loss is recognized
      based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market
      value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of
      the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The Company believes
      no impairment has occurred to its assets during 2013 and 2012.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

  incurred.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      incurred.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      defined contribution retirement plans to the relevant authorities are
      charged to the consolidated statement of income as incurred.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in
      future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are
      provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the
      carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
      purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation
      allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than
      not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize
      their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 &#147;Accounting
      for Income Taxes.&#148;&nbsp;Income tax liabilities computed according
      to the United States and People&#146;s Republic of China (PRC) tax laws are
      provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial
      statements and consists of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related
      primarily to differences between the basis of fixed assets and intangible
      assets for financial and tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and
      liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those
      differences
 which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets
      and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are
      recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future income
      taxes. A valuation allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if
      it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is
able to realize that tax benefit
 or that future realization is uncertain. 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

 2008
 PRC
government implemented a new 25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises
regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday
which is defined as two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption
hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard 25%
tax rate
 tax holidays terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC
government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises
already started tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the
tax holidays until being fully utilized. 

States Tax according to Internal Revenue Code Sections 951 and 957. Corporate
income tax is imposed on progressive rates in the range of:


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    
    

000

    
    


    

    
    

000

    
    

000

    
    

000

    

    
    

000

    
    

333

    
    

000

    

    
    

333

    
    
    
    
    
    



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
      which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and
      are to be used to expand production or operations. The Company transferred
      $0 and $2
264
420 from retained earnings to statutory reserves for the
      period ended December 31
 2013 and year ended December 31
 2012. PRC laws
      prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit
 must appropriate
 on
      an annual basis
 an amount equal to 10% of its profit. Such an
      appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is
      equal to 50% of the enterprise&#146;s PRC registered capital.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      United States dollars. The functional currency of the Company is the
      Renminbi (RMB). The financial statements are translated into United States
      dollars from RMB at year-end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities
      and average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. Capital accounts
      are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital
      transactions occurred.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    




    




    



    


    
    
    
    
    



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized
      institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have
      been
 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the rates used in
      translation.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      compliance with Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales revenue is
      recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement
      exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 no other
      significant obligations of the Company exist and collectability is
      reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria
      for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned
    revenue.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      goods
 net of a value-added tax (VAT). The Company allows its customers to
      return products if they are defective. However
 this rarely happens and
      amounts returned have been de minimis.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      direct sales to third party distributor model and issues 1% sales
      incentive to distributors. The Company modified its accounting policy for
      the recognition of revenue accordingly. Given the circumstances of how the
      Company conducts its incentive program
 the Company books the payments
      settled in cash as a contra account to Gross Revenue
 and includes the
      amount in its reported &#147;net revenue&#148;. The Company has considered the
      guidance in FASB ASC 605-50 (EITF 01-9) and will account for its sales
      incentive program accordingly.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
      outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by
      dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of ordinary
      shares outstanding and potential dilutive securities during the year.
      During the period ended December 31
 2013
 no warrants were issued and no
      options were granted. For the year ended December 31
 2010
 81
155
      warrants were issued to certain service providers. For the year ended
      December 31
 2009
 1
334
573 stock options were granted to employees
      pursuant to the Company&#146;s equity incentive plan; 2
255
024 warrants were
      issued to investors in connection with a PIPE financing. These warrants
      and options could be potentially dilutive if the market price of the
      Company&#146;s common stock exceeds the exercise price for these
    securities.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128
      &#147;Earnings per share&#148; (&#147;SFAS No. 128&#148;)
 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin
      No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). SFAS No. 128 requires companies with complex capital
      structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as the
      income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted
      average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar
      to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of
      potential common shares (e.g.
 convertible securities
 options
 and
      warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods
      presented
 or issuance date
 if later. Potential common shares that have
      an anti-dilutive effect (i.e.
 those that increase income per share or
      decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted
      EPS.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 including cash and
      equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
      accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 the carrying amounts approximate
      their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &#147;Fair
      Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#148; requires disclosure of the fair value
      of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial
      Instruments
&#148; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation
      hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances
      disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts
      reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current
      liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable
      estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between
      the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and
      their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation
      hierarchy are defined as follows:

  

  identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
  

  similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are
  observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for
  substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

  

  significant to the fair value measurement. 

instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
&#147;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&#148; and ASC 815. 

 2013 and 2012
 the
Company did not identify any assets and liabilities that were required to be
presented on the balance sheet at fair value. 

Company&#146;s financial assets and liabilities at fair value in accordance to ASC
820-10:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

857

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

857

    

    
    




842

    




    




    




842

    

    
    




700

    




    




    




700

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




    




    




    




    

    
    




    




    




    




    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




    




    




    




    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

345

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

345

    

    
    




998

    




    




    




998

    

    
    




344

    




    




    




344

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




    




    




    




    

    
    




    




    




    




    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are
      recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the
      amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions
      to owners. Among other disclosures
 all items that are required to be
      recognized under current accounting standards as components of
      comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement
      that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements.
      The Company&#146;s current component of other comprehensive income includes
      the foreign currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or
      loss.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    


 &#147;Reporting
      Comprehensive Income&#148;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and
      all changes to the statements of stockholders&#146; equity
 except the changes
      in paid- in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments
      by stockholders. Comprehensive income for the periods ended December 31
      2013 and 2012 included net income and foreign currency translation
      adjustments.
  
    
    
    
    
  
    
    

      
  
    
    
    
    
  
    
    


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-01

      Liabilities&#148; (&#147;ASU 2013-01&#148;). 
      receivables and receivables are not in the scope of Accounting Standards
      Update No. 2011-11
 Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about
      Offsetting Assets and Liabilities. Specifically
 Update 2011-11 applies
      only to derivatives
 repurchase agreements and reverse purchase
      agreements
 and securities borrowing and securities lending transactions
      that are either offset in accordance with specific criteria contained in
or subject to a master
      netting arrangement or similar agreement. The amendments in this Update
      are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
      beginning on or after January 1
 2013. Management does not expect the
      adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&#146;s
      consolidated financial position or results of operations.
  
    
    
    
    
  
    
    


 the amendments that are subject to
      the transition guidance is effective for fiscal periods beginning after
      December 15
 2012. Management does not expect the adoption of this
      standard has a significant effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial
      position or results of operations.
  
    
    
    
    
  
    
    


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-02
      &#147;Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive
      Income&#148; (&#147;ASU 2013-02&#148;). The amendments require an organization
  to:
  
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    

      income is presented or in the notes) the effects on the line items of net
      income of significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other
      comprehensive income&#150;but only if the item reclassified is required under
      U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same
      reporting period.
  
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    

      under U.S. GAAP for other reclassification items (that are not required
      under U.S. GAAP) to be reclassified directly to net income in their
      entirety in the same reporting period. This would be the case when a
      portion of the amount reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
      income is initially transferred to a balance sheet account (e.g.
      inventory for pension-related amounts) instead of directly to income or
      expense.
  
    
    
    
    
  
    
    


      beginning after December 15
 2012
 for public companies. Management does
      not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the
      Company&#146;s consolidated financial position or results of
  operations.
  
    
    
    
    
  
    
    


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-03
      &#147;Clarifying the Scope and Applicability of a Particular Disclosure to
      Nonpublic Entities&#148; (&#147;ASU 2013-03&#148;). The amendment clarifies that the
      requirement to disclose the level of the fair value hierarchy within which
      the fair value measurements are categorized in their entirety (as Level 1
      Level 2
 or Level 3) does not apply to private companies and nonpublic
      not-for-profits for items that are not measured at fair value in the
      statement of financial position
 but for which fair value is disclosed.
      The amendments are effective upon issuance. Management does not expect the
      adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&#146;s
      consolidated financial position or results of operations.
  
    
    
    
    
  
    
    


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-04
      &#147;Obligations Resulting from Joint and Several Liability Arrangements for
      Which the Total Amount of the Obligation Is Fixed at the Reporting Date&#148;
      (&#147;ASU 2013- 04&#148;). The update provides guidance for the recognition
      measurement
 and disclosure of obligations resulting from joint and
      several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the
      obligation within the scope of this ASU is fixed at the reporting date
      except for obligations addressed within existing guidance in US
    GAAP.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

measure those obligations as the sum of the amount the reporting entity agreed
to pay on the basis of its arrangement among its co-obligors and any additional
amount the reporting entity expects to pay on behalf of its co-obligors. The
guidance in this ASU also requires an entity to disclose the nature and amount
of the obligation as well as other information about those obligations. The
amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods
within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2013. Management does not
expect the adoption of this standard will have a significant effect on the
Company&#146;s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

 the FASB issued ASU No.
2013-05
 &#147;Parent&#146;s Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon
Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign
Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity&#148; (&#147;ASU 2013-05&#148;). The ASU
clarifies that when a parent entity ceases to have a controlling financial
interest in a subsidiary or group of assets that is a nonprofit activity or a
business (other than a sale of in substance real estate or conveyance of oil and
gas mineral rights) within a foreign entity
 the parent is required to apply the
guidance in Accounting Standards Codification 830-30 to release any related
cumulative translation adjustment into net income. The ASU provides that the
cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income only if the
sale or transfer results in the complete or substantially complete liquidation
of the foreign entity in which the subsidiary or group of assets had resided.
The amendments take effect prospectively for public companies for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2013
 and interim reporting periods within those
years. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a
significant effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial position or results
of operations. 

 the FASB issued ASU No.
2013-07
 &#147;Liquidation Basis of Accounting&#148; (&#147;ASU 2013-07&#148;). The ASU requires an
entity to prepare its financial statements using the liquidation basis of
accounting when liquidation is imminent. Liquidation would be considered
imminent when the likelihood is remote that the reporting entity would return
from liquidation and either: (a) a plan for liquidation has been approved by the
person or persons with the authority to make such a plan effective and the
likelihood is remote that the execution of the plan will be blocked by other
parties or the entity will return from liquidation
 or (b) a plan for
liquidation is imposed by other forces
 and the likelihood is remote that the
entity will return from liquidation. If a plan for liquidation was specified in
an entity's governing documents at its inception (for example
 limited-life
entities)
 then liquidation would be imminent only if the approved plan for
liquidation differs from the plan specified at the entity&#146;s inception. The
amendments take effect for all entities reporting under U.S. GAAP
 except
investment companies that are regulated under the Investment Company Act of
1940. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
December 31
 2013
 and interim reporting periods therein. Early adoption is
permitted. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a
significant effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial position or results
of operations. 

 the FASB issued ASU No.
2013-11
 &#147;Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit
When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit
Carryforward Exists
&#148; does not include explicit guidance on the financial
statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss
carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. There is
diversity in practice in the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits in those
instances. Some entities present unrecognized tax benefits as a liability unless
the unrecognized tax benefit is directly associated with a tax position taken in
a tax year that results in
 or that resulted in
 the recognition of a net
operating loss or tax credit carryforward for that year and the net operating
loss or tax credit carryforward has not been utilized. Other entities present
unrecognized tax benefits as a reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net
operating loss or tax credit carryforward in certain circumstances. The
objective of the amendments in this Update is to eliminate that diversity in
practice.

 2013
 there are no
other recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would have a
material effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      placed with banks to secure banking facilities in the form of loans and
      notes payable. The restriction of funds is based on time. The funds that
      collateralize loans are held
for 60 days in savings account that pay interest at the prescribed national daily savings account rate. For funds that underline notes payable
 the cash is deposited in six month time deposits that pay interest at the national time deposit rate. 



NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
TRADE ACCOUNTS
RECEIVABLE

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

511
350

    
    

177
915

    

    
Allowance for






    





    

    
    




071

    




734

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    





    




    

    
    





    








between 30 to 60 days to most of their domestic customers
 including
supermarkets and wholesalers
 around 90 days to most of their international
customers
 and between 0 to 15 days for most of the third-party distributors the
Company works with. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      December 31
 2013 and 2012:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    



    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    



    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    







413

    




280

    

    

    




698

    




861

    

disbursements consisted of advances to employees for transportation
 meals
client entertainment
 commissions
 and procurement of certain raw materials. The
advances issued to employees may be carried for extended periods of time because
employees may spend several months out in the field working to procure new sales
contracts or fulfill existing contracts.

 the company uses every
available employee to arrange purchases with desirable chestnut or other raw
material growers. However
 because many of these growers are in rural farming
areas of China where traditional banking and credit arrangements are difficult
to implement
 the Company must utilize cash purchases and also must contract for
its future needs by placing a good faith deposit in cash with the growers.
However none of these advances to employees for delivery to the growers on
behalf of the Company are &#147;personal loans&#148; to the employees. Advances to
employees for purchase of materials in other receivables are adjusted to
advances to suppliers as of December 31
 2013.

the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    


    




    





    







    





    

    
    















advances issued by management for job or travel disbursement in the normal
course of business. The receivable had no impact on earnings. As with other
employees
 officers sign notes when cash is issued to them as job or travel
disbursement. 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

      long-term loan with DEG
 as noted in footnote 12
 Junan Hongrun lent money
      to Mr. You
 Huadong to purchase life insurance.
  
    
    
  
    
    

      related receivables in other receivables.
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2011
 the Company entered into an agreement
      with Jiangsu Heng An Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. to sell the
      Company&#146;s short-term investment in the amount of $ 7
764
577 (RMB
      49
604
000) of a parcel of land located in Junan Town
 Shandong Province
      to construct residential buildings. The land was sold to Jiangsu Heng An
      at a total sale price of RMB 69
604
000 and a guaranteed gross profit of
      RMB 20
000
000 without consideration of profit/(loss) of the residential
      building project. The gain on the sale of the short-term investment
      excluding taxes payable was recorded as other income on the statements of
      income and comprehensive income. Title of the land transferred from the
      Company to Jiangsu Heng An with receipt of an initial deposit of RMB
      15
000
000. As of December 31
 2013
 a total of RMB 42
029
955 has been
      received and RMB 26
970
045 (USD 4
413
794) is classified as Other
      Receivable. According to the contract
 the Company will be entitled to
      receive RMB 9
000
000 within 5 days after the title transfer and
      construction approval is complete
 and RMB 27
000
000 within 5 days after
      the residential building main frame is completed.
  
    
    
  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      2013 and 2012:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

262
278

    
    

700
879

    

    
    




687

    




371

    

    
    




950

    




072




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
  
    
    
  
    
    

 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following
      as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

325

    
    

730

    

    

      &nbsp;Landscaping

    

974

    
    

943

    

    


    

837

    
    

374

    

    


    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    




400

    




251

    

    
Accumulated

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

975

    
    

911

    

    

 plant and

    

081

    
    

108

    

    


    

916

    
    

842

    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    







    





    

    
    
    

838

    
    

611

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    87
561

    
    

639

    




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

 plants
 and trees accounts
for the orchards that the Company has developed for agricultural operations.
These orchards as well as the young trees which were purchased as nursery stock
are capitalized into fixed assets. The depreciation is then calculated on a
30-year straight-line method when production in commercial quantities begins.
The orchards have begun production in small quantities and the Company has
accounted for depreciation commencing July 1
 2010. During the year ended
December 31
 2013
 the Company purchased three greenhouses to grow seasonal
crops in order to lower cost. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
LAND USE RIGHTS
 NET
  
    
    
  
    
    

      31
 2013 and 2012

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    



      cost
    

600
945

    
    

192
379

    

    


 
    


    
    


    

    


 
    


    
    


    

    


 





    





    

    

    
    

712

    
    

300

    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    




305

    




004

    

    

    




407

    




296

    

in China. Land use rights represent the Company&#146;s purchase of usage rights for a
parcel of land for a specified duration of time
 typically 50 years. The land
use rights are then amortized over the period of usage. Amortization expense for
the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were $301
079 and $186
994
respectively. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      December 31
 2013 and 2012:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Loan from Junan County Industrial and
China

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

031

    

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

142

    

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

348

    

    



    
    
    
    

091

    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    

145

    
    
    
    
  
    



    
    
    
    

129

    
    
    
    

    



    
    
    
    

088

    
    
    
    




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

Loan from Linyi Commercial
      Bank



    




    




    



    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    






    





636





    



    



    
    
    
    

472

    
    
    
    
  
    

    


    




    




    



    

Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
      Linyi Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    





    




    





380




    



    
    
    
    

454

    
    
    
    
  
    

    


    




    




    



    

Loan from China Agricultural Bank
 Luotian
      Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    





    




    









    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    

    



    




    





110




    

 Interest rate at

    
    
    
    

636

    
    
    
    

    

    



    





636





    


  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

China Agricultural
      Development Bank


    




    




    



    


&#149;


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    


&#149;




    










    


  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Bank of Beijing



    




    




    



    

 Variable
      Interest rate

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

269

    

    

    



    





309





    


  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Shenzhen Development
      Bank



    




    




    



    

 Interest rate at

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

110

    

    

    



    




    









    

 Interest rate at

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
  
    

    


    




    




    



    

Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    



    




    








  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Beijing International
      Trust Co.
 Ltd.



    




    




    



    

 Variable
      interest rate

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

587

    

    

    



    





636





    


  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Weihai City Commercial
      Bank



    




    




    


  
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

174

    






NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

Bank of Ningbo 



    




    




    



    

 Interest rate at

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

587

    

    

    



    





636





    


  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Hankou Bank
 Guanshan
      Branch



    




    




    



    

 Interest rate at

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    

    



    




    





587




    

 Interest rate at

    
    
    
    

636

    
    
    
    
  
    

    


    




    




    



    

China Agricultural Bank
 Shandong
      Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    



    




    





174




    

 Interest rate at

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

587

    

    

    



    





636





    


  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Ping An Bank
 Jinan
      Branch


    




    




    



    

 Interest rate at

    
    
    
    

145

    
    
    
    

    

    



    










    


  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Luzhen Credit Union




    




    




    



    

 Interest rate at

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
  
    

    


    




    




    



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    



    




    








  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

China Construction
      Bank


    




    




    



    

 Variable
      Interest rate

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    

    
      Variable Interest rate



    















  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    


    






400







725




 which are
denominated in the functional currency Renminbi (RMB)
 were primarily obtained
for general working capital. If not otherwise indicated in the below remarks
short-term loans are guaranteed by either companies within the group or
personnel who hold a management role within the group. 
A: Accounts receivable in
the amount of was used as collateral for this loan. 
B: Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&#146;s
factory was used as collateral for this loan 
Si Chen was used as collateral for this loan 




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      31
 2013 and 2012:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    

    
    

341

    
    

889

    

    

    
    

572

    
    

370

    

    



    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    





    





    

    

    




422

    




005

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    

    





    





    

    

    




315

    





    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    


    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loans from China
      Development Bank













    
 Interest rate at 7.07% per annum due

    
    
    
    


    

    
 Interest rate at 7.07% per















    
 Interest rate at 7.07% per annum due

    


    
    
    
    

    
 Interest rate at 7.07% per














  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loans from Deutsche
      Investitions-und













    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
 Interest rate at 5.510% per











875




    
 Interest rate at 5.510% per annum due

    
    
    
    

875

    

    
 Interest rate at 5.510% per





875









  
    
 Interest rate at 5.510% per annum due





875

    




    

  
    
    




713

    




226

    






NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

consisted of the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
Loans from Deutsche
      Investitions-und
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

625

    
    

097

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loans from China
      Development Bank
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
 Interest rate at 7.07% per annum due





454

    




284

    

    
    




079

    




382




repaying the loan in semi-annual installments on September 15
 2012. As of
December 31
 2013
 the Company has repaid $5
625
000 in principal. The loan was
collateralized with the following terms: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

      mortgage in the amount of about USD 12
000
000 on its land and building in
      favor of DEG. 

    
    

      of Mr. Si Chen's shares in the sponsor in the amount of about USD 12
000
000
      and being the majority shareholder in the sponsor in form and substance
      satisfactory to DEG. 

    
    

      ranking mortgage as indicated in the Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a)) and
      the value of the pledged shares of Mr. Si Chen (Loan Agreement (Article
      12(1)(a))) should be at least USD 24
000
000. 

    
    

      from the Shareholder in form and substance satisfactory to DEG.
  

and debentures consisted of the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    

Note payable issued by
      Shanghai Pudong Development Bank


    




    



    

 Interest rate at 5.9% per annum due

    

092

    
    

696

    
  
    

    


    




    



    

Debenture issued by Guoyuan Securities
      Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 Interest rate at 10% per




365





    


  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Debenture issued by
    Daiwa SSC Securities Co. Ltd.


    




    



    

 Interest rate at 9.5% per annum due





365

    




    
  
    

    


    




    



    
    




823

    




696




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2007
 the Company underwent a
      reverse-merger and a concurrent financing transaction that resulted in
      24
923
178 shares of outstanding common stock that remained unchanged
      until through December 31
 2007. In connection with the financing
 the
      Company also issued 1
037
858 and 489
330 warrants to the PIPE investors
      and placement agent
 respectively. During 2008
 several holders of
      warrants issued in connection with the financing transaction exercised
      their rights to purchase shares at the prescribed exercise price. The
      holders of the warrants exercised the right to purchase a total of 360
207
      shares; however
 because the holders did not pay in cash for the warrants
      110
752 of those shares were cancelled as consideration in lieu of the
      warrant holders paying in cash. Ultimately
 249
455 of new shares were
      issued to those who exercised their warrant. The
Company also made an adjustment to its outstanding share count for rounding
errors as result of the split and reverse splits made at the time of the reverse
merger. The number of shares in the adjustment was an addition of seven shares.
The Company believes the adjustment of seven shares is immaterial to both prior
and current earnings per share calculation. As detailed in the table below
 the
total number of outstanding shares at December 31
 2013 was 34
616
714.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

 the Company
issued 56
393 shares of stock to its employees and vendors and 5
011
169 shares
to investors. The Company issued 1
334
573 stock options to employees on July
28
 2009; 1
753
909 shares of Series A warrants and 501
115 shares of Series B
warrants were issued to investors on October 28
 2009.

 the Company
issued 2
000 shares to a service provider on February 10
 2010 and 81
155
warrants to various service providers on January 5
 2010. The Company issued to
investors 3
440
800 shares at an agreed price of $2.80 per share for a PIPE
financing on September 10
 2010. This financing brought $8
955
730 net proceeds
to the Company. The Company issued 5
000 shares to its employee on September 23
2010. 731
707 shares of restricted stock were issued to the owner of Shandong
Greenpia
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei on September 24
 2010 as part of acquisition cost.

 the Company
transferred $5
161
176 from retained earnings to additional paid up capital and
$2
445
262 from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These transfers are to be
used for future company development
 recovery of losses and increase of capital
as approved
 to expand production or operations. 

 the Company
transferred $2
636
160 from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These
transfers are to be used for future company development
 recovery of losses and
increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand production or operations.

 the Company issued
108
840 shares to its employees as employee stock compensation. The Company
transferred 2
264
420 from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These
transfers are to be used for future company development
 recovery of losses and
increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand production or operations. 
Capitalization Reconciliation
Table 


style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; border-left-color:black; border-left-width:0; border-right-color:black; border-top-color:black; border-top-width:0; border-bottom-color:black; border-bottom-width:0


    
    
    
    
    

    

    

000

    

172
640


    



    
    

393 

    



    
    

011
169 

    



    
    

000 

    



    
    

440
800 

    

    
    
    

000 

    



    
    

707 

    



    
    

000 

    



    
    

092 

    



    
    

073

  
    


    
    



  
    
    
    
    

616
714







NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 



style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; border-left-color:black; border-left-width:0; border-right-color:black; border-top-color:black; border-top-width:0; border-bottom-color:black; border-bottom-width:0


    
    


      
    
    

    



037

    
    

    




    
    

    
    

334

    
    

    

      

753

    
    

    

      in 2009 PIPE 


    



    
    


    
    

    




    
    

    
    


    
    

    



197

    

  

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      of Shandong Lorain held by the Shandong Economic Development Investment
      Corporation
 which is a state-owned interest.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    


709

    
    


101

    

    
    
    

213

    
    

575

    

    
    




357

    




996

    

    
    




279
785
    




673
463
    

following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    




    





    
    
    

296

    
    

049

    

    
    








    



    
    
    

785

    
    

818

    

    
    


    









    
    
    

282

    
    

344

    

    
    



232










    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    













    
    
    

763

    
    

942

    

    
    



663






221




    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    













    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    



557










    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    



413






290




    
    
    

335

    
    

845

    

    
    


    









    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    













    
    
    

269

    
    

513

    

    
    



361










    
    





    




    

    
    




279
785






673
463



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 and in
      accordance with the relevant tax laws and regulations of PRC
 the
      corporate income tax rate is 25%.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

reconciliation of the differences between the statutory and effective tax
expenses for the periods ended December 31
 2013 and 2012: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

547
394

    
    

283
824

    

    
    





    





    

    
    




262

    




481

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

573

    
    

737

    

    
    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




573

    




737

    
Per Share Effect of Tax
Exemption

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




616

    




533

    

    
    




    







statutory income tax rate and the Company&#146;s effective tax rate was as follows
for the periods ended December 31
 2013 and 2012:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    






    




    

    
    




    




    

 2008
 the PRC
government implemented a new 25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises
regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday
which is defined as &#147;two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption&#148;
hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard 25%
tax rate
 tax holidays were terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC
government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises
already started tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the
tax holidays until being fully utilized.

asset as a result of its net operating loss in and before December 31
 2013
because the Company planned to setup operations in the United States. The
company anticipates that the operations within the United States will generate
income in the future so that it will be able to take full advantage of the
accrued asset. Accordingly the Company has not provided a valuation allowances
for the accrued tax asset. 

rates for its subsidiaries for 2013 and 2012 in the following table.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    


    
    


    
  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
















    







633

    




422

    
  
    




    


633



    


422



  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
















    








633

    




422

    
  
    

    













    







633

    




422

    
  
    

    













    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

Additions from Actual
      Events













    

    




616

    




533

    

    







616







533



  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    













    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
















    







    




    

    







616







533



  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    













    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    




    




  
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
















    

    
    

616

    
    

533

    

    

    




616







533




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2009
 the Company&#146;s Board of Directors
      adopted the American Lorain Corporation 2009 Incentive Stock Plan (the
      &#147;Plan&#148;). The Plan provides that the maximum number of shares of the
      Company&#146;s common stock that may be issued under the Plan
is 2
500
000 shares. The Company&#146;s employees
 directors
 and service providers
are eligible to participate in the Plan.




NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

 2009
the Company recorded a total of $166
346 of shared based compensation expense.
The Company issued warrants that upon exercise would result in the issuance of
1
334
573 common shares. These stock options vest over three years
 where 33.33%
vest annually. The expense related to the stock options was $107
375. The
Company also recorded expense of $58
971 for the issuance of 56
393 common
shares to participants
 respectively. The common shares vested immediately.
Given the materiality and nature of share based compensation
 the entire expense
has been recorded as general and administrative expenses. For the year ended
December 31
 2010
 the Company recorded a total of $890
209 stock option and its
related general and administrative expenses. 

2012 and 2011
 the Company recorded a total of $503
493 and $644
243 stock
option and its related general and administrative expenses.

2013
 the Company did not grant any stock option. 

stock options granted since inception of the plan are shown in the following
table: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    

334

    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

realized. For the period ended December 31
 2013
 the Company has yet to
repatriate its earnings. Accordingly it has not recognized any deferred tax
assets or liability in regards to benefits derived from the issuance of stock
options.

Model to value the warrants granted. The following shows the weighted average
fair value of the grants and the assumptions that were employed in the model:


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    

      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    


      leasing a factory building located in Dongguan
 China. The lease was
      signed by Shandong Lorain on behalf of Dongguan Lorain and expires on
      August 9
 2018.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      December 31
 2013 are shown in the following
table:


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
Lease
      payment
    

    
    


    
    



    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    



    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    








    
    
    
    











NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

December 31
 2013 was $427
381. 

this property at December 31
 2012 are shown in the following table:


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    

December 31
 2012 was $514
917. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

      


 2013
 the Company
      entered into three operating lease agreement leasing three plots of land
      of where greenhouses are maintained to grow seasonal crops. The lease was
      signed by Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and expires on April 25
 2033
      May 19
 2033
 and June 19
 2033
 respectively. 

this property at December 31
 2013 are shown in the following tables:

style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




  
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

  
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

  
    
    
    
    



261

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



322

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



530

    

  
    
    
    
    
    


634

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


960

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    






NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2013 was $3
829
300. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    

      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
Acquisition of Athena and wholly owned
      subsidiaries
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2014
 the Company through its indirect
      wholly-owned subsidiary
 Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. entered into a
      Reiterative Share Purchase Agreement with Biobranco II
 a company
      organized under Portuguese law (the Biobranco Purchase Agreement) to
      acquire from Biobranco II 2
750 shares of Athena
 a limited liability
      company organized under the laws of France
 or 11% of the share capital of
      Athena
 for an aggregate purchase price of &euro;495
000 (or approximately
      US$670
600). The transaction was completed on March 13
 2014 upon payment
      of the purchase price.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2014
 Junan Hongrun also entered into a
      Share Purchase Agreement with Intiraimi
 a limited liability company
      organized under the laws of France (the Intiraimi Purchase Agreement) to
      acquire from Intiraimi 10
000 shares of Athena
 a limited liability
      company organized under the laws of France (&#147;Athena&#148;)
 or 40% of the share
      capital of Athena
 for an aggregate purchase price of &euro;1
500
000 (or
      approximately US$2
032
050) of which (i) &euro;1
000
000 (or approximately
      US$1
354
700) will be payable within 20 days of the execution of the
      Intiraimi Purchase Agreement
 and (ii) the remaining &euro;500
000 (or
      approximately US$677
350) (&#147;Deferred Payment&#148;) will be payable on February
      7
 2015 if certain conditions are met. The Intiraimi Purchase Agreement
      also contains customary non-competition and non-solicitation clause for
      Intiraimi and Pedro Quintana
 Intiraimi&#146;s President. The initial payment
      under the Intiraimi Purchase Agreement in the amount of &euro;1
000
000 (or
      approximately US$1
354
700) was paid on March 13
 2014. As a result of the
      Biobranco Purchase Agreement and the Intiraimi Purchase Agreement
 Junan
      Hongrun owns 12
750 shares
 or 51% share capital
 of Athena. Junan Hongrun
      agreed to pledge 12
750 shares
 or 51% share capital
 of Athena acquired
      in the above transactions to Intiraimi to guarantee the Deferred
      Payment.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      interest in Athena
 on February 7
 2014
 Junan Hongrun entered into a
      Shareholders&#146; Agreement (the &#147;Shareholder Agreement&#148;) with Athena and each
      of the other shareholders of Athena (&#147;Current Shareholders&#148;)
 which
      defines the rights of the Junan Hongrun and the Current Shareholders
 and
      their respective undertaking as it relates to Athena
 including
 but not
      limited to:

  

  Athena through the assignment of certain claims Athena
 through its wholly
  owned subsidiary
 Conserverie Minerve
 has against Branco Group Companies for
  the benefit of the Current Shareholders;
  

  shelling machine at the Cacovin facility
 a company indirectly owned by
  Athena;
  

  and its subsidiaries;
  

 with the prior consent of the Current
  Shareholders
 to appoint general manager for Athena and its subsidiaries;
  

  

  

  

  

250 of the shares
  of Athena (or 9% of the share capital of Athena) for a purchase price of
  &euro;900
000 (or approximately US$1
219
230)
 subject to
downward adjustment to &#128;405
000 (or approximately US&#36;548
654) if the Current Shareholders failed to fulfill certain obligations under the Shareholder Agreement. The call option is exercisable within six (6) months after February 7
 2015. 









 2013 AND 2012 



The Shareholder Agreement expires ten (10) years from the date Junan Hongrun pays the initial purchase price under the Intiraimi Purchase Agreement and the purchase price under the Biobranco Purchase Agreement.






	







 2014 the Company&#146;s board of directors
approved the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (&#147;2014 Plan&#148;). Subject to adjustment as
provided in the 2014 Plan
 the total number of shares of Common Stock reserved
and available for delivery in connection with awards under the 2014 Plan is
3
000
000. Currently there are no shares or options granted under the 2014 Plan.
The Company will not grant any awards until the 2014 Plan has been approved by
the stockholders in compliance with the NYSE Amex Company Guide and favorable
federal income tax treatment for grants of incentive stock options under Section
422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. This 2014 Plan replaces
the Company&#146;s 2009 Incentive Stock Plan (the &#147;Prior Plan&#148;) and no additional
stock awards shall be granted under the Prior Plan. All outstanding stock awards
granted under the Prior Plan shall remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plan
with respect to which they were originally granted.







	







 on March 13
 2014
 the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note (&#147;Note&#148;) in the principal amount of US&#36;3.5 million (the &#147;Principal Amount&#148;) to an investor.
Under the terms of the Note
 interest on the outstanding Principal Amount accrues at a rate of 4.5% per annum
 and all accrued but unpaid interest is due and payable on June 30
 2014 and on the last day of each quarter thereafter. If the Note is not
converted pursuant to the terms of the Note
 additional interest on the outstanding Principal Amount shall accrue at a rate of 4.5% per annum and payable at the maturity of the Note. Unless the Note is otherwise accelerated or converted
 the unpaid
Principal Amount of the Note
 together with all accrued but unpaid interest
 is due and payable
 at the election of the investor
 on September 13
 2014 or March 13
 2015 (&#147;Maturity Date&#148;)
 provided
 however
 if the investor fails to notify
the Company in writing by August 13
 2014 that it elects the maturity date of September 13
 2014
 then the Maturity Date will be extended to March 13
 2015.






 under the terms of the Note
 at any time commencing on or after September 13
 2014 and before March 13
 2015
 the investor may convert in whole or in part the outstanding Principal Amount into a number of shares of
our Common Stock of the Company on a per share conversion price of &#36;1.15
 as may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Note (&#147;Conversion Price&#148;); provided
 however
 the Company will not
effect any conversion of the Note
 and the investor will not have the right to convert any portion of the Note
 to the extent (but only to the extent) that the investor would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as
defined below)
 which beneficial ownership will be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The &#147;Beneficial Ownership Limitation&#148; is 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note.






 our chief executive officer and chairman.














	






 the age of account receivables have been less than one year indicating that the Company is subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers.




F-31


NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
DECEMBER 31
(Stated in
US Dollars) 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      short term loans become due and require refinancing.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Accordingly
 the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
 and results of
      operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
 and
      legal environments in the PRC.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with
      companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks
      associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal
      environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&#146;s results may be
      adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in
      the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and
      regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances
      abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      by the PRC government. The Company has both a water treatment facility for
      water used in its production process and secure transportation to remove
      waste off site. In the event of an accident
 the Company has purchased
      insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local
      environment.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Historically inflation has not materially impacted the company&#146;s financial
      statements; however
 significant increases in the price of raw materials
      and labor that cannot be passed on the Company&#146;s customers could adversely
      impact the Company&#146;s results of operations.














   








 2014


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    



    

    
    

    

  

    
    

    

  

    
    

    

  

    
    



    

    
    



    

    
    



    














   







Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-160822) and Form S-3 (No.
333-164605 and No. 333-169815) of American Lorain Corporation of our report
dated March __
 2014 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of
American Lorain Corporation
 which report appears in this Annual Report on Form
10-K of American Lorain Corporation of the year ended December 31
 2013.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

 P.C.




 Professional Corporation 




  














   





PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 

 Si Chen
 certify that: 

Lorain Corporation. 

 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

 or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to
ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&#146;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to
materially affect
 the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&#146;s ability to record
process
 summarize and report financial information; and 

 whether or not material
 that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting. 

 2014 
/s/ Si Chen&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Title:
President and Chief Executive Officer 













   





PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 

 David She
 certify that:

Lorain Corporation. 

 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

 or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to
ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&#146;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to
materially affect
 the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&#146;s ability to record
process
 summarize and report financial information; and 

 whether or not material
 that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting. 

 2014 

Title:
Chief Financial Officer 













   





AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

Corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2013
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
&#147;Report&#148;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the date indicated below
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge: 

13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 in
all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the
Company. 

 2014 

Title:
President and Chief Executive Officer 













   





AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

Corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2013
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
&#147;Report&#148;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the date indicated below
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge: 

13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 in
all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the
Company. 

 2014 
/s/ David She&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Title:
Chief Financial Officer 


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 plant and equipment













    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 $.001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2013 and 2012




 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 34
616
714 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2013 and 2012



    


    


    


    


    


    


    



























 Shares




 Shares



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    
    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    

    
    

    

    
    

    

    


 BASIS OF PRESENTATION



    


    


    


    


    












    


    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    





    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    






    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    



 Stock Options




 Stock Options



    


    



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

























    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property






















































































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options



 Stock Options


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Stock Options

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;1.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;ORGANIZATION
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(a)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Organization history of American Lorain Corporation (formerly known as Millennium Quest
 Inc.)&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;American Lorain Corporation (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;ALN&amp;#8221;) was originally a Delaware corporation incorporated on February 4
 1986. On November 12
 2009
 the Company filed a statement of merger in the state of Nevada to transfer the Company&amp;#8217;s jurisdiction from Delaware to Nevada.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(b)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Organization History of International Lorain Holding Inc. and its subsidiaries&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            ALN owns
            100% of the equity of International Lorain Holding Inc. (&amp;#8220;ILH&amp;#8221;). ILH is a Cayman Islands company incorporated on August 4
 2006 and was wholly-owned by Mr. Hisashi Akazawa until May 3
 2007. ILH presently has two direct wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Junan Hongrun and Luotian Lorain
 and three indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries through Junan Hongrun
 which are Beijing Lorain
 Dongguan Lorain
 and Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Shandong Greenpia&amp;#8221;).
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            In addition
 the Company directly and indirectly has
            80.2% ownership of Shandong Lorain. The rest of the
            19.8%
 which is owned by the State under the name of Shandong Economic Development Investment Co. Ltd.
 is not included as a part of the Group.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On April 9
 2009
 the Company
 through its Junan Hongrun subsidiary
 invested cash to establish Dongguan Lorain. Dongguan Lorain is indirectly
            100% beneficially owned by the Company.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On June 28
 2010
 the Company signed an equity transfer agreement with Shandong Greenpia. Shandong Greenpia was originally directly owned by Taebong Inc. and Shandong Luan Trade Company. The Company paid $2
100
000
            to Korean Taebong Inc. for
            50% equity of Shandong Greenpia on September 20
 2010. On September 23
 2010
 the Company issued
            731
707
            shares of restricted stock at an agreed price of $2.87
            per share to the owner of Shandong Luan Trade Company
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei
 for the remaining
            50% equity of Shandong Greenpia. Since September 23
 2010
 Shandong Greenpia was directly owned by both Junan Hongrun and ILH. As a result
 Shandong Greenpia is
            100% owned by the Company. Accordingly
 the Company booked a gain of $383
482
            which is included in the statement of income as other income.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(c)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Business Activities&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company develops
 manufactures
 and sells convenience foods (including ready-to-cook (or RTC) foods; ready-to-eat (or RTE) foods and meals ready-to-eat (or MRE); chestnut products; and frozen foods
 in hundreds of varieties. The Company operates through indirect Chinese subsidiaries. The products are sold in domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan
 South Korea and Europe.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(a)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Method of Accounting&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company maintains its general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management. Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and have been consistently applied in the presentation of financial statements
 which are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company regrouped certain accounts in its presentation of changes in assets and liabilities in the statement of cash flows for the period ended December 31
 2013 in order to be consistent with the presentation provided for the year ended December 31
 2012. There was no impact in earnings for the regrouping.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(b)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                The consolidated financial statements which include the Company and its subsidiaries are compiled in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The consolidated financial statements include
                100% of assets
 liabilities
 and net income or loss of those wholly-owned subsidiaries; ownership interests of non-controlling investors are recorded as non-controlling interests.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;As of December 31
 2013
 the detailed identities of the consolidating subsidiaries are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;Place of&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;Registered&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                    &lt;b&gt;
                      &lt;i&gt;Name of Company&lt;/i&gt;
                    &lt;/b&gt;
                  &lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;incorporation&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;interest %&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;capital&lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  80.2
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  13
238
040
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  4
145
195
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  48
965
698
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  1
636
554
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  2
513
747
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  163
655
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  100
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  50
927
518
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(c)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however actual results could differ materially from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(d)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(e)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Investment securities&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company classifies securities it holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified as available-for-sale.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Trading and available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other-than- temporary results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted over the life of the related available-for-sale security as an adjustment to yield using the effective-interest method. Dividend and interest income are recognized when earned.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(f)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Trade receivables are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(g)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Inventories consisting of finished goods and raw materials are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(h)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Customer deposits and advances to suppliers&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Customer deposits were received from customers in connection with orders of products to be delivered in future periods.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Advance to suppliers is a good faith deposit paid to the supplier for the purpose of committing the supplier to provide product promptly upon delivery of the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order for raw materials
 supplies
 equipment
 building materials etc. Pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s arrangements with its suppliers
 this deposit is generally
                20% of the total amount contracted for. This type of transaction is classified as a prepayment category under the account name &amp;#8220;Advance to Suppliers&amp;#8221; until such time as the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order is delivered
 at which point this account is reduced by reclassification of the applicable amount to the appropriate asset account such as inventory or fixed assets or construction in progress.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(i)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method with a salvage value of
                10%. Estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=20%&gt;
                  40
                  years
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=20%&gt;
                  30
                  years
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=20%&gt;
                  10
                  years
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=20%&gt;
                  10
                  years
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=20%&gt;
                  5
                  years
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the statement of income. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to income as incurred
 whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(j)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Construction in progress represents direct and indirect construction or acquisition costs. The construction in progress is transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until the asset is completed and ready for intended use.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(k)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Land Use Rights&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over
                40
                -
                50
                years.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(l)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The long-lived assets held by the Company are reviewed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Subtopic 360-10-35
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
&amp;#8221; for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Impairment is present if carrying amount of an asset is less than its undiscounted cash flows to be generated.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;If an asset is considered impaired
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The Company believes no impairment has occurred to its assets during 2013 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(m)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Advertising&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All advertising costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(n)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Shipping and handling&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All shipping and handling are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(o)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Research and development&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All research and development costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(p)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Retirement benefits&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Retirement benefits in the form of contributions under defined contribution retirement plans to the relevant authorities are charged to the consolidated statement of income as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(q)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Income taxes&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company accounts for income tax using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company has implemented ASC Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes.&amp;#8221;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; Income tax liabilities computed according to the United States and People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (PRC) tax laws are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consists of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to differences between the basis of fixed assets and intangible assets for financial and tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future income taxes. A valuation allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize that tax benefit
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              Effective January 1
 2008
 PRC government implemented a new
              25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard
              25% tax rate
 tax holidays terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises already started tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until being fully utilized.
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;The Company is subject to United States Tax according to Internal Revenue Code Sections 951 and 957. Corporate income tax is imposed on progressive rates in the range of: -&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;div align=center&gt;
                          &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left colspan=9 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                    &lt;p align=center style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                      &lt;b&gt;Taxable Income&lt;/b&gt;
                    &lt;/p&gt;
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;
                      &lt;u&gt;Rate&lt;/u&gt;
                    &lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;
                      &lt;u&gt;Over&lt;/u&gt;
                    &lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;
                      &lt;u&gt;But Not Over&lt;/u&gt;
                    &lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;
                      &lt;u&gt;Of Amount Over&lt;/u&gt;
                    &lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                    15%
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    0
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    50
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    0
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
                    25%
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    50
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    75
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    50
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                    34%
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    75
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    100
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    75
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
                    39%
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    100
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    335
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    100
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                    34%
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    335
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    10
000
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    335
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
                    35%
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    10
000
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    15
000
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    10
000
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                    38%
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    15
000
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    18
333
333
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    15
000
000
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
                    35%
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    18
333
333
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    -
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                    -
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(r)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Statutory reserves&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. The Company transferred $0
                and $2
264
420
                from retained earnings to statutory reserves for the period ended December 31
 2013 and year ended December 31
 2012. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit
 must appropriate
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
                10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
                50% of the enterprise&amp;#8217;s PRC registered capital.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(s)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The accompanying financial statements are presented in United States dollars. The functional currency of the Company is the Renminbi (RMB). The financial statements are translated into United States dollars from RMB at year-end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities and average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;
                    &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                  &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;
                    &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                  &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year end RMB : US$ exchange rate&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  6.1104
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  6.3011
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Average yearly RMB : US$ exchange rate&lt;/p&gt;
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  6.1905
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                  6.3034
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the rates used in translation.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(t)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company's revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectability is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company's revenue consists of invoiced value of goods
 net of a value-added tax (VAT). The Company allows its customers to return products if they are defective. However
 this rarely happens and amounts returned have been de minimis.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                The Company gradually switched its sales model from direct sales to third party distributor model and issues
                1% sales incentive to distributors. The Company modified its accounting policy for the recognition of revenue accordingly. Given the circumstances of how the Company conducts its incentive program
 the Company books the payments settled in cash as a contra account to Gross Revenue
 and includes the amount in its reported &amp;#8220;net revenue&amp;#8221;. The Company has considered the guidance in FASB ASC 605-50 (EITF 01-9) and will account for its sales incentive program accordingly.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(u)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding and potential dilutive securities during the year. During the period ended December 31
 2013
 no warrants were issued and no options were granted. For the year ended December 31
 2010
                81
155
                warrants were issued to certain service providers. For the year ended December 31
 2009
                1
334
573
                stock options were granted to employees pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s equity incentive plan;
                2
255
024
                warrants were issued to investors in connection with a PIPE financing. These warrants and options could be potentially dilutive if the market price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock exceeds the exercise price for these securities.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company computes earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128
 &amp;#8220;Earnings per share&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;SFAS No. 128&amp;#8221;)
 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#8220;SAB 98&amp;#8221;). SFAS No. 128 requires companies with complex capital structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g.
 convertible securities
 options
 and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented
 or issuance date
 if later. Potential common shares that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e.
 those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(v)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 the carrying amounts approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&amp;#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments
&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;ul style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify&gt;
          &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&amp;#8221; and ASC 815.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company did not identify any assets and liabilities that were required to be presented on the balance sheet at fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following tables present the Company&amp;#8217;s financial assets and liabilities at fair value in accordance to ASC 820-10:&lt;/p&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;At December 31
 2013:&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Quoted in&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Active Markets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;for Identical&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Observable&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Unobservable&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Financial assets:&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  33
857
193
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  33
857
193
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Restricted Cash&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  1
842
989
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  1
842
989
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total financial assets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  35
700
182
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  35
700
182
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Financial liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total financial liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;br/&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;At December 31
 2012:&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Quoted in&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Active Markets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;for Identical&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Observable&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Unobservable&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Financial assets:&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  32
345
603
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  32
345
603
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Restricted Cash&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  3
998
956
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  3
998
956
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total financial assets&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  36
344
559
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  36
344
559
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Financial liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total financial liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                  &amp;#160;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(w)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(x)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive income&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Comprehensive income is defined to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Among other disclosures
 all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Company&amp;#8217;s current component of other comprehensive income includes the foreign currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or loss.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company uses FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&amp;#8217; equity
 except the changes in paid- in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders. Comprehensive income for the periods ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 included net income and foreign currency translation adjustments.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(y)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                In January 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-01
                &lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Clarifying the Scope of Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2013-01&amp;#8221;).&lt;/i&gt;
                The Update clarifies that ordinary trade receivables and receivables are not in the scope of Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-11
 Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities. Specifically
 Update 2011-11 applies only to derivatives
 repurchase agreements and reverse purchase agreements
 and securities borrowing and securities lending transactions that are either offset in accordance with specific criteria contained in
                &lt;i&gt;FASB Accounting Standards Codification&amp;#174;&lt;/i&gt;
                or subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after January 1
 2013. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;For public entities
 the amendments that are subject to the transition guidance is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-02
 &amp;#8220;Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2013-02&amp;#8221;). The amendments require an organization to:&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;a.&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Present (either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes) the effects on the line items of net income of significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income&amp;#8211;but only if the item reclassified is required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;b.&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Cross-reference to other disclosures currently required under U.S. GAAP for other reclassification items (that are not required under U.S. GAAP) to be reclassified directly to net income in their entirety in the same reporting period. This would be the case when a portion of the amount reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income is initially transferred to a balance sheet account (e.g.
 inventory for pension-related amounts) instead of directly to income or expense.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The amendments are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012
 for public companies. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-03
 &amp;#8220;Clarifying the Scope and Applicability of a Particular Disclosure to Nonpublic Entities&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2013-03&amp;#8221;). The amendment clarifies that the requirement to disclose the level of the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurements are categorized in their entirety (as Level 1
 Level 2
 or Level 3) does not apply to private companies and nonpublic not-for-profits for items that are not measured at fair value in the statement of financial position
 but for which fair value is disclosed. The amendments are effective upon issuance. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                In March 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-04
 &amp;#8220;Obligations Resulting from Joint and Several Liability Arrangements for Which the Total Amount of the Obligation Is Fixed at the Reporting Date&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU
                2013
                -
                04
                &amp;#8221;). The update provides guidance for the recognition
 measurement
 and disclosure of obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation within the scope of this ASU is fixed at the reporting date
 except for obligations addressed within existing guidance in US GAAP.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;The guidance requires an entity to measure those obligations as the sum of the amount the reporting entity agreed to pay on the basis of its arrangement among its co-obligors and any additional amount the reporting entity expects to pay on behalf of its co-obligors. The guidance in this ASU also requires an entity to disclose the nature and amount of the obligation as well as other information about those obligations. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2013. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;In March 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-05
 &amp;#8220;Parent&amp;#8217;s Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2013-05&amp;#8221;). The ASU clarifies that when a parent entity ceases to have a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or group of assets that is a nonprofit activity or a business (other than a sale of in substance real estate or conveyance of oil and gas mineral rights) within a foreign entity
 the parent is required to apply the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification 830-30 to release any related cumulative translation adjustment into net income. The ASU provides that the cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income only if the sale or transfer results in the complete or substantially complete liquidation of the foreign entity in which the subsidiary or group of assets had resided. The amendments take effect prospectively for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013
 and interim reporting periods within those years. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;In March 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-07
 &amp;#8220;Liquidation Basis of Accounting&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2013-07&amp;#8221;). The ASU requires an entity to prepare its financial statements using the liquidation basis of accounting when liquidation is imminent. Liquidation would be considered imminent when the likelihood is remote that the reporting entity would return from liquidation and either: (a) a plan for liquidation has been approved by the person or persons with the authority to make such a plan effective and the likelihood is remote that the execution of the plan will be blocked by other parties or the entity will return from liquidation
 or (b) a plan for liquidation is imposed by other forces
 and the likelihood is remote that the entity will return from liquidation. If a plan for liquidation was specified in an entity's governing documents at its inception (for example
 limited-life entities)
 then liquidation would be imminent only if the approved plan for liquidation differs from the plan specified at the entity&amp;#8217;s inception. The amendments take effect for all entities reporting under U.S. GAAP
 except investment companies that are regulated under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 31
 2013
 and interim reporting periods therein. Early adoption is permitted. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;In July 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-11
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists
&amp;#8221; does not include explicit guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. There is diversity in practice in the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits in those instances. Some entities present unrecognized tax benefits as a liability unless the unrecognized tax benefit is directly associated with a tax position taken in a tax year that results in
 or that resulted in
 the recognition of a net operating loss or tax credit carryforward for that year and the net operating loss or tax credit carryforward has not been utilized. Other entities present unrecognized tax benefits as a reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss or tax credit carryforward in certain circumstances. The objective of the amendments in this Update is to eliminate that diversity in practice.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;As of December 31
 2013
 there are no other recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(a)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Method of Accounting&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company maintains its general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management. Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and have been consistently applied in the presentation of financial statements
 which are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company regrouped certain accounts in its presentation of changes in assets and liabilities in the statement of cash flows for the period ended December 31
 2013 in order to be consistent with the presentation provided for the year ended December 31
 2012. There was no impact in earnings for the regrouping.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(b)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            The consolidated financial statements which include the Company and its subsidiaries are compiled in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The consolidated financial statements include
            100% of assets
 liabilities
 and net income or loss of those wholly-owned subsidiaries; ownership interests of non-controlling investors are recorded as non-controlling interests.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;As of December 31
 2013
 the detailed identities of the consolidating subsidiaries are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Place of&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Registered&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;Name of Company&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;incorporation&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;interest %&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;capital&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              80.2
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              13
238
040
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              4
145
195
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              48
965
698
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2
513
747
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              163
655
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              50
927
518
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(c)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however actual results could differ materially from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(d)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(e)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Investment securities&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company classifies securities it holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified as available-for-sale.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Trading and available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other-than- temporary results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted over the life of the related available-for-sale security as an adjustment to yield using the effective-interest method. Dividend and interest income are recognized when earned.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(f)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Trade receivables are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(g)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Inventories consisting of finished goods and raw materials are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(h)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Customer deposits and advances to suppliers&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Customer deposits were received from customers in connection with orders of products to be delivered in future periods.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Advance to suppliers is a good faith deposit paid to the supplier for the purpose of committing the supplier to provide product promptly upon delivery of the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order for raw materials
 supplies
 equipment
 building materials etc. Pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s arrangements with its suppliers
 this deposit is generally
            20% of the total amount contracted for. This type of transaction is classified as a prepayment category under the account name &amp;#8220;Advance to Suppliers&amp;#8221; until such time as the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order is delivered
 at which point this account is reduced by reclassification of the applicable amount to the appropriate asset account such as inventory or fixed assets or construction in progress.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(i)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method with a salvage value of
            10%. Estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=20%&gt;
              40
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=20%&gt;
              30
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=20%&gt;
              10
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=20%&gt;
              10
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=20%&gt;
              5
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the statement of income. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to income as incurred
 whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(j)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Construction in progress represents direct and indirect construction or acquisition costs. The construction in progress is transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until the asset is completed and ready for intended use.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(k)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Land Use Rights&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over
            40
            -
            50
            years.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(l)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The long-lived assets held by the Company are reviewed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Subtopic 360-10-35
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
&amp;#8221; for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Impairment is present if carrying amount of an asset is less than its undiscounted cash flows to be generated.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;If an asset is considered impaired
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The Company believes no impairment has occurred to its assets during 2013 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(m)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Advertising&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All advertising costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(n)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Shipping and handling&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All shipping and handling are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(o)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Research and development&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All research and development costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(p)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Retirement benefits&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Retirement benefits in the form of contributions under defined contribution retirement plans to the relevant authorities are charged to the consolidated statement of income as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(q)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Income taxes&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company accounts for income tax using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company has implemented ASC Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes.&amp;#8221;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; Income tax liabilities computed according to the United States and People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (PRC) tax laws are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consists of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to differences between the basis of fixed assets and intangible assets for financial and tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future income taxes. A valuation allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize that tax benefit
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          Effective January 1
 2008
 PRC government implemented a new
          25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard
          25% tax rate
 tax holidays terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises already started tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until being fully utilized.
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;The Company is subject to United States Tax according to Internal Revenue Code Sections 951 and 957. Corporate income tax is imposed on progressive rates in the range of: -&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;div align=center&gt;
                  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left colspan=9 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p align=center style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Taxable Income&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Rate&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Over&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;But Not Over&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Of Amount Over&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                15%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                0
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                50
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                0
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
                25%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                50
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                75
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                50
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                34%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                75
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                100
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                75
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
                39%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                100
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                335
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                100
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                34%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                335
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                10
000
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                335
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
                35%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                10
000
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                15
000
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                10
000
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                38%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                15
000
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                18
333
333
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                15
000
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
                35%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                18
333
333
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(r)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Statutory reserves&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. The Company transferred $0
            and $2
264
420
            from retained earnings to statutory reserves for the period ended December 31
 2013 and year ended December 31
 2012. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit
 must appropriate
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
            10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
            50% of the enterprise&amp;#8217;s PRC registered capital.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(s)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The accompanying financial statements are presented in United States dollars. The functional currency of the Company is the Renminbi (RMB). The financial statements are translated into United States dollars from RMB at year-end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities and average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year end RMB : US$ exchange rate&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6.1104
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6.3011
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Average yearly RMB : US$ exchange rate&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6.1905
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6.3034
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the rates used in translation.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(t)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company's revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectability is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company's revenue consists of invoiced value of goods
 net of a value-added tax (VAT). The Company allows its customers to return products if they are defective. However
 this rarely happens and amounts returned have been de minimis.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            The Company gradually switched its sales model from direct sales to third party distributor model and issues
            1% sales incentive to distributors. The Company modified its accounting policy for the recognition of revenue accordingly. Given the circumstances of how the Company conducts its incentive program
 the Company books the payments settled in cash as a contra account to Gross Revenue
 and includes the amount in its reported &amp;#8220;net revenue&amp;#8221;. The Company has considered the guidance in FASB ASC 605-50 (EITF 01-9) and will account for its sales incentive program accordingly.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(u)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding and potential dilutive securities during the year. During the period ended December 31
 2013
 no warrants were issued and no options were granted. For the year ended December 31
 2010
            81
155
            warrants were issued to certain service providers. For the year ended December 31
 2009
            1
334
573
            stock options were granted to employees pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s equity incentive plan;
            2
255
024
            warrants were issued to investors in connection with a PIPE financing. These warrants and options could be potentially dilutive if the market price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock exceeds the exercise price for these securities.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company computes earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128
 &amp;#8220;Earnings per share&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;SFAS No. 128&amp;#8221;)
 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#8220;SAB 98&amp;#8221;). SFAS No. 128 requires companies with complex capital structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g.
 convertible securities
 options
 and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented
 or issuance date
 if later. Potential common shares that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e.
 those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(v)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 the carrying amounts approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&amp;#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments
&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;ul style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;/ul&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&amp;#8221; and ASC 815.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company did not identify any assets and liabilities that were required to be presented on the balance sheet at fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following tables present the Company&amp;#8217;s financial assets and liabilities at fair value in accordance to ASC 820-10:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;At December 31
 2013:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Quoted in&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Active Markets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;for Identical&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Observable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Unobservable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Financial assets:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              33
857
193
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              33
857
193
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Restricted Cash&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
842
989
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
842
989
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total financial assets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              35
700
182
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              35
700
182
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Financial liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total financial liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;At December 31
 2012:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Quoted in&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Active Markets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;for Identical&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Observable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Unobservable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Financial assets:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              32
345
603
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              32
345
603
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Restricted Cash&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
998
956
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
998
956
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total financial assets&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              36
344
559
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              36
344
559
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Financial liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total financial liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(w)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(x)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive income&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Comprehensive income is defined to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Among other disclosures
 all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Company&amp;#8217;s current component of other comprehensive income includes the foreign currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or loss.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company uses FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&amp;#8217; equity
 except the changes in paid- in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders. Comprehensive income for the periods ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 included net income and foreign currency translation adjustments.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(y)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            In January 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-01
            &lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;Clarifying the Scope of Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2013-01&amp;#8221;).&lt;/i&gt;
            The Update clarifies that ordinary trade receivables and receivables are not in the scope of Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-11
 Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities. Specifically
 Update 2011-11 applies only to derivatives
 repurchase agreements and reverse purchase agreements
 and securities borrowing and securities lending transactions that are either offset in accordance with specific criteria contained in
            &lt;i&gt;FASB Accounting Standards Codification&amp;#174;&lt;/i&gt;
            or subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning on or after January 1
 2013. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;For public entities
 the amendments that are subject to the transition guidance is effective for fiscal periods beginning after December 15
 2012. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-02
 &amp;#8220;Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2013-02&amp;#8221;). The amendments require an organization to:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;a.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Present (either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes) the effects on the line items of net income of significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income&amp;#8211;but only if the item reclassified is required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;b.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Cross-reference to other disclosures currently required under U.S. GAAP for other reclassification items (that are not required under U.S. GAAP) to be reclassified directly to net income in their entirety in the same reporting period. This would be the case when a portion of the amount reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income is initially transferred to a balance sheet account (e.g.
 inventory for pension-related amounts) instead of directly to income or expense.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The amendments are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012
 for public companies. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-03
 &amp;#8220;Clarifying the Scope and Applicability of a Particular Disclosure to Nonpublic Entities&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2013-03&amp;#8221;). The amendment clarifies that the requirement to disclose the level of the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurements are categorized in their entirety (as Level 1
 Level 2
 or Level 3) does not apply to private companies and nonpublic not-for-profits for items that are not measured at fair value in the statement of financial position
 but for which fair value is disclosed. The amendments are effective upon issuance. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard has a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            In March 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-04
 &amp;#8220;Obligations Resulting from Joint and Several Liability Arrangements for Which the Total Amount of the Obligation Is Fixed at the Reporting Date&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU
            2013
            -
            04
            &amp;#8221;). The update provides guidance for the recognition
 measurement
 and disclosure of obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation within the scope of this ASU is fixed at the reporting date
 except for obligations addressed within existing guidance in US GAAP.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;The guidance requires an entity to measure those obligations as the sum of the amount the reporting entity agreed to pay on the basis of its arrangement among its co-obligors and any additional amount the reporting entity expects to pay on behalf of its co-obligors. The guidance in this ASU also requires an entity to disclose the nature and amount of the obligation as well as other information about those obligations. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2013. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;In March 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-05
 &amp;#8220;Parent&amp;#8217;s Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2013-05&amp;#8221;). The ASU clarifies that when a parent entity ceases to have a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or group of assets that is a nonprofit activity or a business (other than a sale of in substance real estate or conveyance of oil and gas mineral rights) within a foreign entity
 the parent is required to apply the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification 830-30 to release any related cumulative translation adjustment into net income. The ASU provides that the cumulative translation adjustment should be released into net income only if the sale or transfer results in the complete or substantially complete liquidation of the foreign entity in which the subsidiary or group of assets had resided. The amendments take effect prospectively for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013
 and interim reporting periods within those years. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;In March 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-07
 &amp;#8220;Liquidation Basis of Accounting&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2013-07&amp;#8221;). The ASU requires an entity to prepare its financial statements using the liquidation basis of accounting when liquidation is imminent. Liquidation would be considered imminent when the likelihood is remote that the reporting entity would return from liquidation and either: (a) a plan for liquidation has been approved by the person or persons with the authority to make such a plan effective and the likelihood is remote that the execution of the plan will be blocked by other parties or the entity will return from liquidation
 or (b) a plan for liquidation is imposed by other forces
 and the likelihood is remote that the entity will return from liquidation. If a plan for liquidation was specified in an entity's governing documents at its inception (for example
 limited-life entities)
 then liquidation would be imminent only if the approved plan for liquidation differs from the plan specified at the entity&amp;#8217;s inception. The amendments take effect for all entities reporting under U.S. GAAP
 except investment companies that are regulated under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 31
 2013
 and interim reporting periods therein. Early adoption is permitted. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;In July 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-11
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists
&amp;#8221; does not include explicit guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. There is diversity in practice in the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits in those instances. Some entities present unrecognized tax benefits as a liability unless the unrecognized tax benefit is directly associated with a tax position taken in a tax year that results in
 or that resulted in
 the recognition of a net operating loss or tax credit carryforward for that year and the net operating loss or tax credit carryforward has not been utilized. Other entities present unrecognized tax benefits as a reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss or tax credit carryforward in certain circumstances. The objective of the amendments in this Update is to eliminate that diversity in practice.&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=justify colspan=2&gt;As of December 31
 2013
 there are no other recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Place of&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Registered&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Name of Company&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;incorporation&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;interest %&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;capital&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          80.2
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          13
238
040
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          4
145
195
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          48
965
698
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2
513
747
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          163
655
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          50
927
518
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=20%&gt;
          40
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=20%&gt;
          30
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=20%&gt;
          10
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap width=20%&gt;
          10
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap width=20%&gt;
          5
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=9 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p align=center style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Taxable Income&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Rate&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Over&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;But Not Over&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Of Amount Over&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          15%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          0
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          50
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          0
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          50
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          75
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          50
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          34%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          75
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          100
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          75
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
          39%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          100
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          335
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          100
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          34%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          335
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          10
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          335
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
          35%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          10
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          15
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          10
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          38%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          15
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          18
333
333
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          15
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
          35%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          18
333
333
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year end RMB : US$ exchange rate&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6.1104
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6.3011
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Average yearly RMB : US$ exchange rate&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6.1905
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6.3034
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;At December 31
 2013:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Quoted in&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Active Markets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;for Identical&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Observable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Unobservable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Financial assets:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          33
857
193
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          33
857
193
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Restricted Cash&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
842
989
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
842
989
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total financial assets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          35
700
182
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          35
700
182
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Financial liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total financial liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;At December 31
 2012:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Quoted in&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Active Markets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Significant&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;for Identical&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Observable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Unobservable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Inputs&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 1)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;(Level 3)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Financial assets:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          32
345
603
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          32
345
603
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Restricted Cash&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
998
956
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
998
956
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total financial assets&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          36
344
559
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          36
344
559
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Financial liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Notes payable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total financial liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;RESTRICTED CASH&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              Restricted Cash represents interest bearing deposits placed with banks to secure banking facilities in the form of loans and notes payable. The restriction of funds is based on time. The funds that collateralize loans are held for
              60
              days in savings account that pay interest at the prescribed national daily savings account rate. For funds that underline notes payable
 the cash is deposited in six month time deposits that pay interest at the national time deposit rate.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;TRADE ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                54
511
350
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                49
177
915
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
                Allowance for doubtful accounts
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (439
875
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (443
898
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                54
071
475
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                48
734
017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Allowance for bad debt:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (443
898
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (379
693
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Additions to allowance&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (64
205
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom&gt;Bad debt written-off&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
023
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Ending balance&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (439
875
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (443
898
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Company offers credit terms of between
      30
      to
      60
      days to most of their domestic customers
 including supermarkets and wholesalers
 around
      90
      days to most of their international customers
 and between
      0
      to
      15
      days for most of the third-party distributors the Company works with.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            54
511
350
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            49
177
915
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
            Allowance for doubtful accounts
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (439
875
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (443
898
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            54
071
475
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            48
734
017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Allowance for bad debt:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (443
898
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (379
693
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Additions to allowance&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (64
205
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom&gt;Bad debt written-off&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
023
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Ending balance&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (439
875
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (443
898
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;OTHER RECEIVABLES&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Other receivables consisted of the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Advances to employees for job/travel disbursements&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                637
808
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                79
367
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Amount due by a non-related enterprise&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                163
656
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                326
270
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other non-related receivables&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                333
411
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                76
168
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other related receivables&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                149
350
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                99
263
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Short-term investment sale receivable&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
413
795
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
280
212
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
698
020
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
861
280
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Advances to employees for job/travel disbursements consisted of advances to employees for transportation
 meals
 client entertainment
 commissions
 and procurement of certain raw materials. The advances issued to employees may be carried for extended periods of time because employees may spend several months out in the field working to procure new sales contracts or fulfill existing contracts.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Specifically
 the company uses every available employee to arrange purchases with desirable chestnut or other raw material growers. However
 because many of these growers are in rural farming areas of China where traditional banking and credit arrangements are difficult to implement
 the Company must utilize cash purchases and also must contract for its future needs by placing a good faith deposit in cash with the growers. However none of these advances to employees for delivery to the growers on behalf of the Company are &amp;#8220;personal loans&amp;#8221; to the employees. Advances to employees for purchase of materials in other receivables are adjusted to advances to suppliers as of December 31
 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Related party receivable consisted of the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Chen
 Si&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                67
523
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                67
523
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;You
 Huadong&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                81
827
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                31
740
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                149
350
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                99
263
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Related party receivable represented advances issued by management for job or travel disbursement in the normal course of business. The receivable had no impact on earnings. As with other employees
 officers sign notes when cash is issued to them as job or travel disbursement.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              In order to satisfy certain criteria for obtaining the long-term loan with DEG
 as noted in footnote
              12
 Junan Hongrun lent money to Mr. You
 Huadong to purchase life insurance.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Related party receivable amounts are disclosed as other related receivables in other receivables.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On March 13
 2011
 the Company entered into an agreement with Jiangsu Heng An Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. to sell the Company&amp;#8217;s short-term investment in the amount of $7
764
577
              (RMB49
604
000) of a parcel of land located in Junan Town
 Shandong Province
 to construct residential buildings. The land was sold to Jiangsu Heng An at a total sale price of RMB69
604
000
              and a guaranteed gross profit of RMB20
000
000
              without consideration of profit/(loss) of the residential building project. The gain on the sale of the short-term investment excluding taxes payable was recorded as other income on the statements of income and comprehensive income. Title of the land transferred from the Company to Jiangsu Heng An with receipt of an initial deposit of RMB15
000
000. As of December 31
 2013
 a total of RMB42
029
955
              has been received and RMB26
970
045
              (USD4
413
794) is classified as Other Receivable. According to the contract
 the Company will be entitled to receive RMB9
000
000
              within
              5
              days after the title transfer and construction approval is complete
 and RMB27
000
000
              within
              5
              days after the residential building main frame is completed.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Advances to employees for job/travel disbursements&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            637
808
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            79
367
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Amount due by a non-related enterprise&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            163
656
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            326
270
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other non-related receivables&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            333
411
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            76
168
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other related receivables&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            149
350
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            99
263
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Short-term investment sale receivable&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
413
795
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
280
212
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
698
020
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
861
280
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Chen
 Si&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            67
523
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            67
523
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;You
 Huadong&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            81
827
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            31
740
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            149
350
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            99
263
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Inventories consisted of the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                26
262
278
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                18
700
879
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                15
687
975
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
371
825
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                41
950
253
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
072
704
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            26
262
278
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            18
700
879
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            15
687
975
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
371
825
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            41
950
253
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
072
704
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                81
325
426
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                78
730
172
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                10
974
003
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                7
943
605
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                12
837
463
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                11
374
635
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                681
060
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                363
306
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                582
128
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                839
874
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                106
400
080
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                99
251
592
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                  :
                &lt;/i&gt;
                Accumulated depreciation
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (7
975
238
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (5
911
972
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (3
081
369
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (2
108
661
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (6
916
526
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (5
842
946
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (524
931
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (221
800
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (340
675
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (526
487
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (18
838
739
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (14
611
866
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                87
561
341
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                84
639
726
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Landscaping
 plants
 and trees accounts for the orchards that the Company has developed for agricultural operations. These orchards as well as the young trees which were purchased as nursery stock are capitalized into fixed assets. The depreciation is then calculated on a
      30
      -year straight-line method when production in commercial quantities begins. The orchards have begun production in small quantities and the Company has accounted for depreciation commencing July 1
 2010. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company purchased three greenhouses to grow seasonal crops in order to lower cost.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            81
325
426
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            78
730
172
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            10
974
003
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            7
943
605
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            12
837
463
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            11
374
635
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            681
060
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            363
306
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            582
128
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            839
874
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            106
400
080
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            99
251
592
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
              :
            &lt;/i&gt;
            Accumulated depreciation
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (7
975
238
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (5
911
972
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (3
081
369
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (2
108
661
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (6
916
526
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (5
842
946
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (524
931
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (221
800
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (340
675
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (526
487
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (18
838
739
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (14
611
866
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            87
561
341
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            84
639
726
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;LAND USE RIGHTS
 NET&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              Land use rights consisted of the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
              &lt;sup&gt;:&lt;/sup&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  Land use rights
                  &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                17
600
945
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6
192
379
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  Utilities rights
                  &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                50
909
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                49
368
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  Software
                  &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                59
496
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                57
695
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  Patent
                  &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
543
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
497
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                17
712
893
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6
300
939
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;
                    &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                    :
                  &lt;/i&gt;
                  Accumulated amortization
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (1
305
350
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (1
004
271
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
407
543
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
296
668
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      All lands are owned by the government in China. Land use rights represent the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase of usage rights for a parcel of land for a specified duration of time
 typically
      50
      years. The land use rights are then amortized over the period of usage. Amortization expense for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were $301
079
      and $186
994
 respectively.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              Land use rights
              &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            17
600
945
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6
192
379
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              Utilities rights
              &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            50
909
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            49
368
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              Software
              &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            59
496
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            57
695
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              Patent
              &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
543
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
497
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            17
712
893
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6
300
939
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                :
              &lt;/i&gt;
              Accumulated amortization
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (1
305
350
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (1
004
271
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
407
543
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
296
668
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;SHORT-TERM BANK LOANS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Short-term bank loans consisted of the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Remark&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loan from Junan County Industrial and Commercial Bank of&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;China
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.44% per annum; due 1/8/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
              1
031
567
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.88% per annum; due 4/10/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
              1
142
658
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.88% per annum; due 4/19/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
              999
825
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.88% per annum; due 4/24/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;A&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
              634
810
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.88% per annum; due 5/17/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
              1
348
971
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.3% per annum; due 2/21/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
              4
091
386
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.88% per annum; due 1/8/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
              1
145
588
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.88% per annum; due 4/15/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
              1
129
222
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.88% per annum; due 4/23/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
              1
088
308
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loan from Linyi Commercial Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                12.136% per annum due 1/10/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              714
161
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                1.512% per annum due 1/9/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                1.26% per annum due 1/10/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
472
899
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
 Linyi Branch&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.8% per annum due 8/29/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2
380
537
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.8% per annum due 2/26/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2
454
831
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Agricultural Bank
 Luotian Branch&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                8.4% per annum due 3/3/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              158
702
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                8.4% per annum due 6/3/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              317
405
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                8.4% per annum due 9/3/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
110
917
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                7.8% per annum due 8/20/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                7.8% per annum due 9/3/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;China Agricultural Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                6.0% per annum due 1/3/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              654
622
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                6.0% per annum due 8/19/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              818
277
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Bank of Beijing
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Variable Interest rate
 due 6/29/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
269
620
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                7.2% per annum due 6/19/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
309
243
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Shenzhen Development Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                6.16% per annum due 1/30/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
110
917
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                6.04% per annum due 9/6/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              793
512
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                6.71% per annum due 10/23/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              634
810
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                9.360% per annum due 1/6/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              952
215
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Beijing International Trust Co.
 Ltd.
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Variable interest rate
 due 9/16/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
587
024
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                6.00% per annum due 9/23/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Weihai City Commercial Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                6.90% per annum due 3/7/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
174
049
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Bank of Ningbo 
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                6.71% per annum due 9/27/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
587
024
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                7.20% per annum due 9/25/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Hankou Bank
 Guanshan Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                6.00% per annum due 9/6/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              793
512
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                6.60% per annum due 9/14/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
587
024
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                6.60% per annum due 9/12/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;China Agricultural Bank
 Shandong Branch&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                10.2% per annum due 7/16/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;C&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              3
174
049
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                7.2% per annum due 8/29/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;B&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
587
024
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                7.2% per annum due 8/22/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Ping An Bank
 Jinan Branch&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                6.72% per annum due 1/3/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
145
588
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                6.72% per annum due 5/2/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              818
277
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Luzhen Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                10.40% per annum due 2/27/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              490
966
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Postal Savings Bank of China&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Interest rate at
                6.60% per annum due 11/26/2013
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              634
810
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;China Construction Bank&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Variable Interest rate
 due 3/31/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              801
912
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
                &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
                Variable Interest rate
 due 4/30/2014
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              523
697
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              29
400
694
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              28
725
143
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The short-term loans
 which are denominated in the functional currency Renminbi (RMB)
 were primarily obtained for general working capital. If not otherwise indicated in the below remarks
 short-term loans are guaranteed by either companies within the group or personnel who hold a management role within the group.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Remark:
      &lt;br/&gt;
      A: Accounts receivable in the amount of was used as collateral for this loan.
      &lt;br/&gt;
      B: Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&amp;#8217;s factory was used as collateral for this loan
      &lt;br/&gt;
      C: Personal guarantee from Mr. Si Chen was used as collateral for this loan


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Remark&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loan from Junan County Industrial and Commercial Bank of&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;China
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.44% per annum; due 1/8/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
          1
031
567
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.88% per annum; due 4/10/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
          1
142
658
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.88% per annum; due 4/19/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
          999
825
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.88% per annum; due 4/24/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;A&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
          634
810
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.88% per annum; due 5/17/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
          1
348
971
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.3% per annum; due 2/21/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
          4
091
386
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.88% per annum; due 1/8/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
          1
145
588
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.88% per annum; due 4/15/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
          1
129
222
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.88% per annum; due 4/23/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
          1
088
308
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loan from Linyi Commercial Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            12.136% per annum due 1/10/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          714
161
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            1.512% per annum due 1/9/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            1.26% per annum due 1/10/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
472
899
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
 Linyi Branch&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.8% per annum due 8/29/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2
380
537
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.8% per annum due 2/26/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2
454
831
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Agricultural Bank
 Luotian Branch&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            8.4% per annum due 3/3/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          158
702
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            8.4% per annum due 6/3/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          317
405
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            8.4% per annum due 9/3/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
110
917
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            7.8% per annum due 8/20/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            7.8% per annum due 9/3/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;China Agricultural Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            6.0% per annum due 1/3/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          654
622
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            6.0% per annum due 8/19/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          818
277
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Bank of Beijing
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Variable Interest rate
 due 6/29/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
269
620
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            7.2% per annum due 6/19/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
309
243
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Shenzhen Development Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            6.16% per annum due 1/30/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
110
917
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            6.04% per annum due 9/6/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          793
512
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            6.71% per annum due 10/23/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          634
810
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            9.360% per annum due 1/6/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          952
215
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Beijing International Trust Co.
 Ltd.
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Variable interest rate
 due 9/16/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
587
024
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            6.00% per annum due 9/23/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Weihai City Commercial Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            6.90% per annum due 3/7/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
174
049
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Bank of Ningbo 
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            6.71% per annum due 9/27/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
587
024
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            7.20% per annum due 9/25/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Hankou Bank
 Guanshan Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            6.00% per annum due 9/6/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          793
512
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            6.60% per annum due 9/14/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
587
024
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            6.60% per annum due 9/12/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;China Agricultural Bank
 Shandong Branch&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            10.2% per annum due 7/16/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;C&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          3
174
049
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            7.2% per annum due 8/29/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;B&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
587
024
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            7.2% per annum due 8/22/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Ping An Bank
 Jinan Branch&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            6.72% per annum due 1/3/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
145
588
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            6.72% per annum due 5/2/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          818
277
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Luzhen Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            10.40% per annum due 2/27/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          490
966
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Postal Savings Bank of China&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Interest rate at
            6.60% per annum due 11/26/2013
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          634
810
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;China Construction Bank&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Variable Interest rate
 due 3/31/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          801
912
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;
            &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
            Variable Interest rate
 due 4/30/2014
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          523
697
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          29
400
694
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          28
725
143
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;TAXES PAYABLES&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Taxes payable consisted of the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Value added tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                592
341
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                428
889
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Corporate income tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
572
663
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
370
655
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Employee payroll tax withholding&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6
344
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
936
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Property tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                73
768
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                55
877
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Stamp tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
485
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
440
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Business tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                158
921
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                154
112
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Land use tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                64
062
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                65
525
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Import tariffs&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                271
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                454
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Capital gain tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                952
278
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                923
458
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
422
133
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
005
346
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Value added tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            592
341
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            428
889
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Corporate income tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
572
663
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
370
655
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Employee payroll tax withholding&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6
344
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
936
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Property tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            73
768
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            55
877
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Stamp tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
485
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
440
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Business tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            158
921
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            154
112
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Land use tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            64
062
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            65
525
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Import tariffs&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            271
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            454
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Capital gain tax payable&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            952
278
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            923
458
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
422
133
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
005
346
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER PAYABLE&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Accrued expenses and other payables consisted of the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued salaries and wages&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                32
731
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                3
174
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued utility expenses&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                39
765
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                55
639
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued interest expenses&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                927
986
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                219
630
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued transportation expenses&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                144
061
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                290
228
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other accruals&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                103
827
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Business and other taxes&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                885
972
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
                182
378
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Disbursement payable&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
                87
078
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued staff welfare&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                285
300
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                37
843
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
                2
315
815
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
                979
797
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued salaries and wages&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            32
731
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            3
174
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued utility expenses&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            39
765
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            55
639
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued interest expenses&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            927
986
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            219
630
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued transportation expenses&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            144
061
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            290
228
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other accruals&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            103
827
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Business and other taxes&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            885
972
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right width=12%&gt;
            182
378
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Disbursement payable&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;
            87
078
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Accrued staff welfare&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            285
300
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            37
843
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
            2
315
815
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=12%&gt;
            979
797
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td&gt;
					&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
						&lt;b&gt;LONG-TERM DEBT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td width=5%&gt;
					&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td&gt;
					&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td width=5%&gt;
					&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td&gt;
					&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
						Current portions of long-term debt consisted of the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;
		&lt;br /&gt;
							&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;Loans from China Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt; Interest rate at 7.07% per annum due 5/20/2013&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160; -&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							158
702&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt; Interest rate at 7.07% per annum due 11/20/2013&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							317
405&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt; Interest rate at 7.07% per annum due 5/20/2014&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							981
933&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt; Interest rate at 7.07% per annum due 11/20/2014&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							981
932&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt; Interest rate at 5.510% per annum due 3/15/2013&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							1
875
000&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt; Interest rate at 5.510% per annum due 9/15/2013&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							1
875
000&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt; Interest rate at 5.510% per annum due 3/15/2014&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							1
875
000&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt; Interest rate at 5.510% per annum due 9/15/2014&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							1
875
000&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							5
713
865&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							4
226
107&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;/table&gt;
				&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
			Non-current portions of long-term debt consisted of the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at 5.510% per annum due 9/16/2016&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							5
625
000&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							10
097
340&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;Loans from China Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt; Interest rate at 7.07% per annum due 9/24/2015&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							2
454
831&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							4
284
966&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							8
079
831&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							14
382
306&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;/table&gt;
		&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
			The Company&amp;#8217;s loan with DEG began repaying the loan in semi-annual installments on September 15
 2012. As of December 31
 2013
 the Company has repaid $5
625
000 in principal. The loan was collateralized with the following terms:&lt;/p&gt;
		&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
			&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
				&lt;td width=5%&gt;
					&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;
					(a.)&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td align=left valign=top width=90%&gt;
					Create and register a first ranking mortgage in the amount of about USD12
000
000 on its land and building in favor of DEG.&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
				&lt;td width=5%&gt;
					&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;
					(b.)&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td align=left valign=top width=90%&gt;
					Undertake to provide a pledge of Mr. Si Chen shares in the sponsor in the amount of about USD12
000
000 and being the majority shareholder in the sponsor in form and substance satisfactory to DEG&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
				&lt;td width=5%&gt;
					&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;
					(c.)&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td align=left valign=top width=90%&gt;
					The total amount of the first ranking mortgage as indicated in the Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a)) and the value of the pledged shares of Mr. Si Chen (Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a))) should be at least USD24
000
000.&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
				&lt;td width=5%&gt;
					&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;
					(d.)&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td align=left valign=top width=90%&gt;
					Undertake to provide a guarantee from the Shareholder in form and substance satisfactory to DEG.&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;
		&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
			Non-current portions of notes payable and debentures consisted of the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
							&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&lt;i&gt;Note payable issued by Shanghai Pudong Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt; Interest rate at 5.9% per annum due 12/28/2015&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							13
092
432&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							12
696
196&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&lt;i&gt;Debenture issued by Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt; Interest rate at 10% per annum due 8/28/2016&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							16
365
541&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&lt;i&gt;Debenture issued by Daiwa SSC Securities Co. Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt; Interest rate at 9.5% per annum due 11/8/2015&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							16
365
541&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
								&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
						&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							45
823
514&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							12
696
196&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;/table&gt;
		&lt;p&gt;


    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Loans from China Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;
        &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
        Interest rate at
        7.07% per annum due 5/20/2013
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &amp;#160;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        158
702
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;
        &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
        Interest rate at
        7.07% per annum due 11/20/2013
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        317
405
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;
        &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
        Interest rate at
        7.07% per annum due 5/20/2014
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        981
933
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;
        &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
        Interest rate at
        7.07% per annum due 11/20/2014
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        981
932
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;
        &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
        Interest rate at
        5.510% per annum due 3/15/2013
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        1
875
000
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#160;
        &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
        Interest rate at
        5.510% per annum due 9/15/2013
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        1
875
000
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;
        &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
        Interest rate at
        5.510% per annum due 3/15/2014
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        1
875
000
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;
        &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
        Interest rate at
        5.510% per annum due 9/15/2014
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        1
875
000
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        5
713
865
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        4
226
107
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#8226; Interest rate at
        5.510% per annum due 9/16/2016
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        5
625
000
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        10
097
340
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Loans from China Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;
        &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
        Interest rate at
        7.07% per annum due 9/24/2015
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        2
454
831
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        4
284
966
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        8
079
831
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        14
382
306
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Note payable issued by Shanghai Pudong Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;
          &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
          Interest rate at
          5.9% per annum due 12/28/2015
        &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        13
092
432
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        12
696
196
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Debenture issued by Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;
          &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
          Interest rate at
          10% per annum due 8/28/2016
        &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        16
365
541
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Debenture issued by Daiwa SSC Securities Co. Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;
          &lt;font&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;
          Interest rate at
          9.5% per annum due 11/8/2015
        &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        16
365
541
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        45
823
514
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        12
696
196
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;13.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;CAPITALIZATION&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Dating back to May 3
 2007
 the Company underwent a reverse-merger and a concurrent financing transaction that resulted in
            24
923
178
            shares of outstanding common stock that remained unchanged until through December 31
 2007. In connection with the financing
 the Company also issued
            1
037
858
            and
            489
330
            warrants to the PIPE investors and placement agent
 respectively. During 2008
 several holders of warrants issued in connection with the financing transaction exercised their rights to purchase shares at the prescribed exercise price. The holders of the warrants exercised the right to purchase a total of
            360
207
            shares; however
 because the holders did not pay in cash for the warrants
            110
752
            of those shares were cancelled as consideration in lieu of the warrant holders paying in cash. Ultimately
            249
455
            of new shares were issued to those who exercised their warrant. The Company also made an adjustment to its outstanding share count for rounding errors as result of the split and reverse splits made at the time of the reverse merger. The number of shares in the adjustment was an addition of seven shares. The Company believes the adjustment of seven shares is immaterial to both prior and current earnings per share calculation. As detailed in the table below
 the total number of outstanding shares at December 31
 2013 was
            34
616
714.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      During the year 2009
 the Company issued
      56
393
      shares of stock to its employees and vendors and
      5
011
169
      shares to investors. The Company issued
      1
334
573
      stock options to employees on July 28
 2009;
      1
753
909
      shares of Series A warrants and
      501
115
      shares of Series B warrants were issued to investors on October 28
 2009.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      During the year 2010
 the Company issued 2
000 shares to a service provider on February 10
 2010 and
      81
155
      warrants to various service providers on January 5
 2010. The Company issued to investors
      3
440
800
      shares at an agreed price of $2.80
      per share for a PIPE financing on September 10
 2010. This financing brought $8
955
730
      net proceeds to the Company. The Company issued
      5
000
      shares to its employee on September 23
 2010.
      731
707
      shares of restricted stock were issued to the owner of Shandong Greenpia
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei on September 24
 2010 as part of acquisition cost.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the year 2010
 the Company transferred
      $5
161
176
      from retained earnings to additional paid up capital and
      $2
445
262
      from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These transfers are to be used for future company development
 recovery of losses and increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand production or operations.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the year 2011
 the Company transferred
      $2
636
160
      from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These transfers are to be used for future company development
 recovery of losses and increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand production or operations.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the year 2012
 the Company issued
      108
840
      shares to its employees as employee stock compensation. The Company transferred
      $2
264
420
      from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These transfers are to be used for future company development
 recovery of losses and increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand production or operations.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=center style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      American Lorain Corporation
      &lt;br/&gt;
      Capitalization Reconciliation Table
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div&gt;
                  &lt;table border=1 cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-color: black; border-left-width: 0px; border-top-width: 0px; border-bottom-width: 0px; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;Par value authorized&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;Issuance date&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;Shares outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Common stock at 1/1/2009&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                200
000
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                25
172
640
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees and vendors during 2009&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;Various dates&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                56
393
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to PIPE investors&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                5
011
169
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to service provider during 2010&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;2/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                2
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to PIPE investors&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;9/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                3
440
800
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employee&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;9/23/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                5
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued as acquisition consideration&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;9/24/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                731
707
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to service provider during 2011&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;5/5/2011&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                25
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;7/20/2011&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                27
092
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;11/21/2011&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                36
073
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=13%&gt;10/5/2012&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                108
840
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Common stock at 12/31/2013&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                34
616
714
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;p&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;div&gt;
                  &lt;table border=1 cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-color: black; border-left-width: 0px; border-top-width: 0px; border-bottom-width: 0px; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom&gt;Warrants and options&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                &lt;p align=right style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                  Number of warrants
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  or options
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;Issuance date&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;Expiration date&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Warrants issued to investors in 2007 PIPE&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                1
037
858
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;5/3/2007&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;5/2/2010&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Warrants issued to placement agent in 2007 PIPE&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                489
330
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;5/3/2007&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;5/2/2010&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Employee stock options&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                1
334
573
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;7/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;7/27/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                Warrants issued to investors in 2009 PIPE
                &lt;br/&gt;
                - Series A
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                1
753
909
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;4/28/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                Warrants issued to investors in 2009 PIPE
                &lt;br/&gt;
                - Series B
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                501
115
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;10/28/2012&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Issued to service provider A during 2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                50
722
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;1/5/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;1/2/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Issued to service provider B during 2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                20
289
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;1/5/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;1/2/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Issued to service provider C during 2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                10
144
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;1/5/2010&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;1/2/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom&gt;Total warrants and options&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                5
197
940
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;Par value authorized&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;Issuance date&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;Shares outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Common stock at 1/1/2009&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          200
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          25
172
640
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees and vendors during 2009&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;Various dates&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          56
393
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to PIPE investors&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          5
011
169
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to service provider during 2010&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;2/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          2
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to PIPE investors&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;9/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          3
440
800
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employee&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;9/23/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          5
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued as acquisition consideration&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;9/24/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          731
707
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to service provider during 2011&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;5/5/2011&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          25
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;7/20/2011&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          27
092
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;11/21/2011&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          36
073
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom&gt;New shares issued to employees per stock incentive plan&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=13%&gt;10/5/2012&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          108
840
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Common stock at 12/31/2013&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          34
616
714
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom&gt;Warrants and options&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          &lt;p align=right style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Number of warrants
            &lt;br/&gt;
            or options
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;Issuance date&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap style=border-top-color: #000000; border-top-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;Expiration date&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Warrants issued to investors in 2007 PIPE&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          1
037
858
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;5/3/2007&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;5/2/2010&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Warrants issued to placement agent in 2007 PIPE&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          489
330
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;5/3/2007&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;5/2/2010&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Employee stock options&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          1
334
573
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;7/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;7/27/2014&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          Warrants issued to investors in 2009 PIPE
          &lt;br/&gt;
          - Series A
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          1
753
909
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;4/28/2015&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          Warrants issued to investors in 2009 PIPE
          &lt;br/&gt;
          - Series B
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          501
115
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;10/28/2012&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Issued to service provider A during 2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          50
722
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;1/5/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;1/2/2014&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Issued to service provider B during 2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          20
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;1/5/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;1/2/2014&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Issued to service provider C during 2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          10
144
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;1/5/2010&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;1/2/2014&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td style=border-left-style: none; border-left-width: medium; border-right-style: solid; border-right-width: 1; border-top-style: none; border-top-width: medium; border-bottom-style: none; border-bottom-width: medium width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom&gt;Total warrants and options&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          5
197
940
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom-color: #000000; border-bottom-width: 1 valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;14.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            The non-controlling interest represents the
            19.8% equity of Shandong Lorain held by the Shandong Economic Development Investment Corporation
 which is a state-owned interest.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;15.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;SALES BY PRODUCT TYPE&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Sales by categories of product consisted of the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Category&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Chestnut&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                114
709
005
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                125
101
585
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Convenience food&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                62
213
432
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                79
575
069
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Frozen food&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
357
348
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
996
809
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  215
279
785
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  239
673
463
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Revenue by geography consisted of the following as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Country&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Australia&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                59
317
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                89
573
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Belgium&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
296
553
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6
049
825
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Canada&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                142
620
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;China&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                158
785
053
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                170
818
669
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Denmark&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                53
922
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
282
220
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
344
824
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Germany&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
232
648
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                208
870
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                164
921
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                212
174
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Israel&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                566
651
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                277
028
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Japan&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                25
763
794
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                37
942
286
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Malaysia&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
663
077
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
221
990
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Netherlands&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                808
505
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                431
808
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Philippines&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                614
276
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                413
529
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Poland&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                115
672
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                213
943
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Portugal&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
557
232
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                711
006
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Russia&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                118
795
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                471
559
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Singapore&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
413
137
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
290
802
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;South Korea&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                9
335
811
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                11
845
499
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Spain&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                147
648
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Taiwan&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                108
946
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                742
669
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Thailand&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                604
268
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                177
529
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;United Kingdom&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
269
986
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
513
634
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;United States&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
361
680
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                494
676
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Vietnam&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                14
623
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  215
279
785
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  239
673
463
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Category&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Chestnut&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            114
709
005
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            125
101
585
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Convenience food&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            62
213
432
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            79
575
069
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Frozen food&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
357
348
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
996
809
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            &lt;b&gt;
              215
279
785
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            &lt;b&gt;
              239
673
463
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Country&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Australia&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            59
317
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            89
573
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Belgium&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
296
553
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6
049
825
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Canada&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            142
620
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;China&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            158
785
053
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            170
818
669
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Denmark&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            53
922
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
282
220
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
344
824
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Germany&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
232
648
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            208
870
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            164
921
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            212
174
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Israel&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            566
651
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            277
028
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Japan&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            25
763
794
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            37
942
286
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Malaysia&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
663
077
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
221
990
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Netherlands&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            808
505
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            431
808
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Philippines&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            614
276
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            413
529
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Poland&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            115
672
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            213
943
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Portugal&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
557
232
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            711
006
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Russia&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            118
795
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            471
559
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Singapore&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
413
137
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
290
802
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;South Korea&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            9
335
811
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            11
845
499
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Spain&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            147
648
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Taiwan&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            108
946
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            742
669
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Thailand&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            604
268
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            177
529
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;United Kingdom&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
269
986
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
513
634
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;United States&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
361
680
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            494
676
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Vietnam&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            14
623
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              215
279
785
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              239
673
463
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;16.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            All of the Company&amp;#8217;s operations are in the PRC
 and in accordance with the relevant tax laws and regulations of PRC
 the corporate income tax rate is
            25%.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following tables provide the reconciliation of the differences between the statutory and effective tax expenses for the periods ended December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Income attributed to PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              23
547
394
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              30
283
824
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Loss attributed to US&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (285
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (802
412
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Income before tax&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              23
262
332
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              29
481
412
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              PRC Statutory Tax at
              25% Rate
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              5
573
756
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              7
737
643
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              5
573
756
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              7
737
643
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;i&gt;
        &lt;u&gt;Per Share Effect of Tax Exemption&lt;/u&gt;
      &lt;/i&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding Basic&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              34
616
714
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              34
533
817
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Per share effect&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The difference between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and the Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate was as follows for the periods ended December 31
 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;U.S. federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              35%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              35%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Lower rates in PRC
 net&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
              10%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
              10%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Tax holiday for foreign investments&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
              1.04%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1.25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              23.96%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              26.25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Effective January 1
 2008
 the PRC government implemented a new
      25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as &amp;#8220;two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption&amp;#8221; hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard
      25% tax rate
 tax holidays were terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises already started tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until being fully utilized.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has accrued a deferred tax asset as a result of its net operating loss in and before December 31
 2013 because the Company planned to setup operations in the United States. The company anticipates that the operations within the United States will generate income in the future so that it will be able to take full advantage of the accrued asset. Accordingly the Company has not provided a valuation allowances for the accrued tax asset.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s has detailed the tax rates for its subsidiaries for 2013 and 2012 in the following table.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div align=center&gt;
                  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=70%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap width=33%&gt;China Income Tax Rate&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;International Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                0%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                0%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Junan Hongrun&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                25%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                25%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Luotian Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                25%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                25%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Beijing Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                25%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                25%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Shandong Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                25%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                25%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Shandong Greenpia&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                25%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                25%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Dongguan Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                25%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                25%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Income attributed to PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          23
547
394
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          30
283
824
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Loss attributed to US&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (285
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (802
412
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Income before tax&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          23
262
332
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          29
481
412
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          PRC Statutory Tax at
          25% Rate
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          5
573
756
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          7
737
643
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          5
573
756
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          7
737
643
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding Basic&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          34
616
714
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          34
533
817
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Per share effect&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;U.S. federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          35%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          35%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Lower rates in PRC
 net&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
          10%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
          10%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Tax holiday for foreign investments&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
          1.04%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1.25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          23.96%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          26.25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap width=33%&gt;China Income Tax Rate&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;2013&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;2012&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;International Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
          0%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
          0%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Junan Hongrun&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Luotian Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Beijing Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Shandong Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;Shandong Greenpia&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Dongguan Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;17.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;EARNINGS PER SHARE&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Components of basic and diluted earnings per share were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Basic Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Net Income&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
633
895
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                20
422
668
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Income Available to Common Stockholders&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
633
895
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                20
422
668
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Diluted Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Income Available to Common Stockholders&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
633
895
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                20
422
668
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Income Available to Common Stockholders on Converted Basis&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
633
895
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                20
422
668
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Original Shares:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;Additions from Actual Events&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Issuance of Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
616
714
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
533
817
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
616
714
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
533
817
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Dilutive Shares:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;Additions from Potential Events&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Exercise of Investor Warrants &amp;amp; Placement Agent Warrants&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;- Exercise of Employee &amp;amp; Director Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
616
714
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
533
817
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Basic&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.48
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.59
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.48
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.59
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Basic&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
616
714
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
533
817
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
616
714
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
533
817
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Basic Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Net Income&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
633
895
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            20
422
668
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Income Available to Common Stockholders&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
633
895
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            20
422
668
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Diluted Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Income Available to Common Stockholders&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
633
895
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            20
422
668
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Income Available to Common Stockholders on Converted Basis&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
633
895
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            20
422
668
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Original Shares:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Additions from Actual Events&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Issuance of Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
616
714
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
533
817
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
616
714
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
533
817
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Dilutive Shares:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Additions from Potential Events&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Exercise of Investor Warrants &amp;amp; Placement Agent Warrants&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;- Exercise of Employee &amp;amp; Director Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
616
714
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
533
817
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Basic&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.48
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.59
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.48
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.59
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Basic&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
616
714
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
533
817
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;-Diluted&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
616
714
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
533
817
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;18.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;SHARE BASED COMPENSATION&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On July 27
 2009
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors adopted the American Lorain Corporation 2009 Incentive Stock Plan (the &amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;). The Plan provides that the maximum number of shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock that may be issued under the Plan is
            2
500
000
            shares. The Company&amp;#8217;s employees
 directors
 and service providers are eligible to participate in the Plan.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the year ended December 31
 2009
 the Company recorded a total of $166
346
      of shared based compensation expense. The Company issued warrants that upon exercise would result in the issuance of
      1
334
573
      common shares. These stock options vest over three years
 where
      33.33% vest annually. The expense related to the stock options was $107
375. The Company also recorded expense of $58
971
      for the issuance of
      56
393
      common shares to participants
 respectively. The common shares vested immediately. Given the materiality and nature of share based compensation
 the entire expense has been recorded as general and administrative expenses. For the year ended December 31
 2010
 the Company recorded a total of $890
209
      stock option and its related general and administrative expenses.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      During the period ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company recorded a total of $503
493
      and $644
243
      stock option and its related general and administrative expenses.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;During the period ended December 31
 2013
 the Company did not grant any stock option.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The range of the exercise prices of the stock options granted since inception of the plan are shown in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div align=center&gt;
                  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=70%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=right&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Price Range&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=46%&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                $0
                - $4.99
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=46%&gt;
                1
334
573
                shares
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=right&gt;
                $5.00
                - $9.99
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=46%&gt;
                0
                shares
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
                $10.00
                - $14.99
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=46%&gt;
                0
                shares
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;No tax benefit has yet to be accrued or realized. For the period ended December 31
 2013
 the Company has yet to repatriate its earnings. Accordingly it has not recognized any deferred tax assets or liability in regards to benefits derived from the issuance of stock options.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company used the Black-Scholes Model to value the warrants granted. The following shows the weighted average fair value of the grants and the assumptions that were employed in the model:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;2012&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;2011&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Weighted-average fair value of grants:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1.3629
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1.1909
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Risk-free interest rate:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              0.33%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              0.96%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Expected volatility:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              59.93%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4.58%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Expected life in months:&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              36.00
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              36.00
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=right&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Price Range&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=46%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          $0
          - $4.99
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=46%&gt;
          1
334
573
          shares
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=right&gt;
          $5.00
          - $9.99
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=46%&gt;
          0
          shares
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;
          $10.00
          - $14.99
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=46%&gt;
          0
          shares
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;2012&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;2011&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Weighted-average fair value of grants:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1.3629
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1.1909
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Risk-free interest rate:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          0.33%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          0.96%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Expected volatility:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          59.93%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4.58%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Expected life in months:&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          36.00
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          36.00
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;19.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;LEASE COMMITMENTS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;(a.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company entered into an operating lease agreement leasing a factory building located in Dongguan
 China. The lease was signed by Shandong Lorain on behalf of Dongguan Lorain and expires on August 9
 2018.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The minimum future lease payments for this property at December 31
 2013 are shown in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;div align=center&gt;
                  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=70%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;8/9/2018&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                56
641
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
                427
381
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;/div&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The outstanding lease commitment as of December 31
 2013 was $427
381.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The minimum future lease payments for this property at December 31
 2012 are shown in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div align=center&gt;
                  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=70%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2013&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                87
536
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
                92
685
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;8/9/2018&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 width=15%&gt;
                56
641
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 width=15%&gt;
                514
917
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The outstanding lease commitment as of December 31
 2012 was $514
917.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;(b.)&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=top width=90%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company entered into three operating lease agreement leasing three plots of land of where greenhouses are maintained to grow seasonal crops. The lease was signed by Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and expires on April 25
 2033
 May 19
 2033
 and June 19
 2033
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The minimum future lease payments for this property at December 31
 2013 are shown in the following tables:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;
                Greenhouse
                1
              &lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;
                Greenhouse
                2
              &lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;
                Greenhouse
                3
              &lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              85
773
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              102
527
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
097
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td align=center&gt;1/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;1/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;1/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;1/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;1/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=10%&gt;1/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td align=center&gt;1/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;4/25/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=8%&gt;
              42
261
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;1/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;5/19/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=8%&gt;
              50
322
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;1/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;6/19/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=8%&gt;
              5
530
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=8%&gt;
              1
634
787
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=8%&gt;
              1
960
022
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=8%&gt;
              234
491
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The outstanding lease commitment for the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2013 was $3
829
300.


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=15%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-right-style: none; border-right-width: medium valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-style: none; border-width: medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=15%&gt;8/9/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 1px solid #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          56
641
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: 3px double #000000; ; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium valign=bottom width=15%&gt;
          427
381
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none #000000; ; border-left-style:none; border-left-width:medium; border-right-style:none; border-right-width:medium; border-top-style:none; border-top-width:medium valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=15%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2013&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
          87
536
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=15%&gt;8/9/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1 width=15%&gt;
          56
641
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 3 width=15%&gt;
          514
917
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;
            Greenhouse
            1
          &lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;
            Greenhouse
            2
          &lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;
            Greenhouse
            3
          &lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          85
773
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          102
527
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
097
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;1/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td align=center&gt;1/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;1/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;1/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;1/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;1/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=10%&gt;1/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td align=center&gt;1/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;4/25/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=8%&gt;
          42
261
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;1/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;5/19/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=8%&gt;
          50
322
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=10%&gt;1/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center width=8%&gt;6/19/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=8%&gt;
          5
530
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=8%&gt;
          1
634
787
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=8%&gt;
          1
960
022
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#E6EFFF style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double width=8%&gt;
          234
491
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#E6EFFF width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;20.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;A.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Acquisition of Athena and wholly owned subsidiaries&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On February 7
 2014
 the Company through its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
 Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. entered into a Reiterative Share Purchase Agreement with Biobranco II
 a company organized under Portuguese law (the Biobranco Purchase Agreement) to acquire from Biobranco II
            2
750
            shares of Athena
 a limited liability company organized under the laws of France
 or
            11% of the share capital of Athena
 for an aggregate purchase price of &amp;#8364;
            495
000
            (or approximately US$670
600). The transaction was completed on March 13
 2014 upon payment of the purchase price.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On February 7
 2014
 Junan Hongrun also entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Intiraimi
 a limited liability company organized under the laws of France (the Intiraimi Purchase Agreement) to acquire from Intiraimi
            10
000
            shares of Athena
 a limited liability company organized under the laws of France (&amp;#8220;Athena&amp;#8221;)
 or
            40% of the share capital of Athena
 for an aggregate purchase price of &amp;#8364;
            1
500
000
            (or approximately US$2
032
050) of which (i) &amp;#8364;
            1
000
000
            (or approximately US$1
354
700) will be payable within
            20
            days of the execution of the Intiraimi Purchase Agreement
 and (ii) the remaining &amp;#8364;
            500
000
            (or approximately US$677
350) (&amp;#8220;Deferred Payment&amp;#8221;) will be payable on February 7
 2015 if certain conditions are met. The Intiraimi Purchase Agreement also contains customary non-competition and non-solicitation clause for Intiraimi and Pedro Quintana
 Intiraimi&amp;#8217;s President. The initial payment under the Intiraimi Purchase Agreement in the amount of &amp;#8364;
            1
000
000
            (or approximately US$1
354
700) was paid on March 13
 2014. As a result of the Biobranco Purchase Agreement and the Intiraimi Purchase Agreement
 Junan Hongrun owns
            12
750
            shares
 or
            51% share capital
 of Athena. Junan Hongrun agreed to pledge
            12
750
            shares
 or
            51% share capital
 of Athena acquired in the above transactions to Intiraimi to guarantee the Deferred Payment.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            In connection with the acquisition of a
            51% controlling interest in Athena
 on February 7
 2014
 Junan Hongrun entered into a Shareholders&amp;#8217; Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Shareholder Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Athena and each of the other shareholders of Athena (&amp;#8220;Current Shareholders&amp;#8221;)
 which defines the rights of the Junan Hongrun and the Current Shareholders
 and their respective undertaking as it relates to Athena
 including
 but not limited to:
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;ul style=TEXT-ALIGN: justify&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The settlement of certain claims the Current Shareholders have against Athena through the assignment of certain claims Athena
 through its wholly owned subsidiary
 Conserverie Minerve
 has against Branco Group Companies for the benefit of the Current Shareholders;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          The handling of the commitment to install a Nunziata
          4
          burner chestnut shelling machine at the Cacovin facility
 a company indirectly owned by Athena;
        &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Junan Hongrun&amp;#8217;s right to appoint Chief Executive Officer for Athena and its subsidiaries;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Junan Hongrun&amp;#8217;s right
 with the prior consent of the Current Shareholders
 to appoint general manager for Athena and its subsidiaries;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Protective provisions granted to Current Shareholders;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Information rights;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Certain restrictions on transfer of Athena&amp;#8217;s shares;&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Rights of pre-emption in connection with assignment; and&lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
        &lt;p style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          Granting the Company a call option right to purchase
          2
250
          of the shares of Athena (or
          9% of the share capital of Athena) for a purchase price of &amp;#8364;
          900
000
          (or approximately US$1
219
230)
 subject to downward adjustment to &amp;#8364;
          405
000
          (or approximately US$548
654) if the Current Shareholders failed to fulfill certain obligations under the Shareholder Agreement. The call option is exercisable within six (6) months after February 7
 2015.
        &lt;/p&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;/ul&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Shareholder Agreement expires ten (10) years from the date Junan Hongrun pays the initial purchase price under the Intiraimi Purchase Agreement and the purchase price under the Biobranco Purchase Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; border-color: black; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;B.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2014 Equity Incentive Plan&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On February 19
 2014 the Company&amp;#8217;s board of directors approved the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (&amp;#8220;2014 Plan&amp;#8221;). Subject to adjustment as provided in the 2014 Plan
 the total number of shares of Common Stock reserved and available for delivery in connection with awards under the 2014 Plan is
            3
000
000. Currently there are no shares or options granted under the 2014 Plan. The Company will not grant any awards until the 2014 Plan has been approved by the stockholders in compliance with the NYSE Amex Company Guide and favorable federal income tax treatment for grants of incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. This 2014 Plan replaces the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Incentive Stock Plan (the &amp;#8220;Prior Plan&amp;#8221;) and no additional stock awards shall be granted under the Prior Plan. All outstanding stock awards granted under the Prior Plan shall remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plan with respect to which they were originally granted.&amp;#8221;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;C.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Issuance of Convertible Promissory Note&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            In connection with the Athena acquisition
 on March 13
 2014
 the Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note (&amp;#8220;Note&amp;#8221;) in the principal amount of US$3.5
            million (the &amp;#8220;Principal Amount&amp;#8221;) to an investor. Under the terms of the Note
 interest on the outstanding Principal Amount accrues at a rate of
            4.5% per annum
 and all accrued but unpaid interest is due and payable on June 30
 2014 and on the last day of each quarter thereafter. If the Note is not converted pursuant to the terms of the Note
 additional interest on the outstanding Principal Amount shall accrue at a rate of
            4.5% per annum and payable at the maturity of the Note. Unless the Note is otherwise accelerated or converted
 the unpaid Principal Amount of the Note
 together with all accrued but unpaid interest
 is due and payable
 at the election of the investor
 on September 13
 2014 or March 13
 2015 (&amp;#8220;Maturity Date&amp;#8221;)
 provided
 however
 if the investor fails to notify the Company in writing by August 13
 2014 that it elects the maturity date of September 13
 2014
 then the Maturity Date will be extended to March 13
 2015.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            In addition
 under the terms of the Note
 at any time commencing on or after September 13
 2014 and before March 13
 2015
 the investor may convert in whole or in part the outstanding Principal Amount into a number of shares of our Common Stock of the Company on a per share conversion price of $1.15
 as may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Note (&amp;#8220;Conversion Price&amp;#8221;); provided
 however
 the Company will not effect any conversion of the Note
 and the investor will not have the right to convert any portion of the Note
 to the extent (but only to the extent) that the investor would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below)
 which beneficial ownership will be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The &amp;#8220;Beneficial Ownership Limitation&amp;#8221; is
            9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Note is secured by the personal guarantee of Si Chen
 our chief executive officer and chairman.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;21.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td colspan=2&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;RISKS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;A.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Credit risk&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Since the Company&amp;#8217;s inception
 the age of account receivables have been less than one year indicating that the Company is subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;B.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Interest risk&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The company is subject to the interest rate risk when their short term loans become due and require refinancing.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;C.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Economic and political risks&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s operations are conducted in the PRC. Accordingly
 the Company&amp;#8217;s business
 financial condition
 and results of operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
 and legal environments in the PRC.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s operations in the PRC are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&amp;#8217;s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;D.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Environmental risks&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company has procured environmental licenses required by the PRC government. The Company has both a water treatment facility for water used in its production process and secure transportation to remove waste off site. In the event of an accident
 the Company has purchased insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local environment.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;E.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Inflation Risk&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Management monitors changes in prices levels. Historically inflation has not materially impacted the company&amp;#8217;s financial statements; however
 significant increases in the price of raw materials and labor that cannot be passed on the Company&amp;#8217;s customers could adversely impact the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;











begin 644 form101.jpg



$!08'`D*P$``P$!



G*TM/4U=;7
H*#A(6&
MAXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q,7&Q\C)RM+3U-76
MU]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_``!$(`=`D`
!$0`$0$#$0'_V@`,
M`P$``A$#$0`_`/?Z`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`Y\^
M-=W.JSW








MRS9/&

MK=J3R&*(#`*_NU)8DDXZ=

5'^\_DI6



M.T[Q8FKMH6IK:E6N]






Z

B3_4<
M8R;C#[32]-VOT'7/B?7M1NI/^$9L+:ULXXY;EKZ9XVDWIO1[5(!VE?F/'.
M



E?:]O/U_X!


M*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`Y_P5

8QM

M!4J

D#W2O$9)4=@
]1

:?=VL;Q)+:
MF/)1\;E(=&'\(Y`!]ZFVK??1AT2[:_H06'@W3].@L(8I[IQ96TUM&9'!++(0



A3;TP




C3?`MK
MIE[ITR:KJ


BEDM86E*CO


WU_!:?YJ_WFB/$UE!'K
^H/'96NEW'DO-))

T5U*88B
@F
ZTJ^G6%YER<!P0A!SQ\^%(([]
ML5?*U/D?5/[]_NLG^!-TX.2Z6_R_7[KF_4C@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H








ORE3+^
M[^]C=W]/6I2M&$7T3^_F;7RL_P`O0IN[E)=;?=9)_/\`X)'8Z5J.G^#M*TC4
M(YH[^ZUL2JLLJ/)M$YF)9D^4G8I)QCFJC\5-?RIW^2:_-I?














M0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`


MX[?

-]DVO2U_P6GJC1N[CQ5'XLA6SL]
D


M+XQUK68-('AW3+


M*GW;7W=2#6?'5_;^%]
U2VFT'39KD

M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@#G_``/_`,B7I?\`UR_J:`.@H`S[
MS1K2_P!4L[^Y!D:T5Q%&V@+8RV



7;RO^-O\
MC



M\
?]?4W_`*3R4`=!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`
M4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`5M
M1\G^S;G[0)C#Y;;Q`'
F

M[R;%7T^8M;W2X`8@KF



O7M3ETNQB:W1'N;BXCMX

G\*%K.






M-:QG49[4LTN2=JB'Y57G@GWZ5;2Y)175Q?R5[W_K_@3!M3@Y=+W^=MON.@U_


M]NK+PIXHD-MK\U]?6QBZG/#/+(=C*H40D@#Y
MN_/X5

5I.7--M

MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`S[74_M.M:AIWD[?L:Q-OW9W[PQZ8XQM_6@#0H
M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`.3TK3/%6
MC:9#I]O)I
D

M?]0;_P`BT`'_`!6'_4&_\BT`8OBOQ1X@\':!-K&I'2/(C95()2SL3@`#]?H
M#0!JV]QXJN[:*YMY-$DAF0/&Z^;AE(R/PH`E_XK#_J#?^1:`#_BL/\`J#?^



GV86^_S7)`W%

M^U]




M!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`8?C#_D4[_\`W1_Z$*`-R@#EVMM3
MB\8-):P:@NGS-NNO
-L;:3]UM&WGS0V0@YPO!I+X9*2NM=/\O^.72V_];_\
M#R,N+0+R^T!+6'3+O1)X;R0PJ&M]JQ.Y;)EQM`QP
'(`!`R:=KN+;_K?]%;
M\=`;7O*VG_`M^KOY;:FWX0MM2LM+EM=1MWA$4I$1DV;G!Y+'8S9RQ/).X]QF


_\``R/_`!H`/^$L\-_]#!IG_@9'_C0`

_\#(_
M\:`#_A+/#?\`T
&F?^!D?^-`!_PEGAO_`*&#3/\`P
C_`
:`#_A+/#?_`$
&

MWG/.P9S[XH`]T_X2SPW_`-#!IG_@9'_C0`?\)9X;_PA@TS_`,#(_P#&@`_X
M2SPW_P!#!IG_`(&1_P-`!_PEGAO_H8-
_\``R/_`!H`/^$L\-_]#!IG_@9'

_
M\#(_\:`#_A+/#?\`T
&F?^!D?^-`!_PEGAO_`*&#3/\`P
C_`
:`#_A+/#?_
M`$

^D/_?L4`'VS_Y](?^_8H`/L%G_P`^D/\`W[%`
M!]@L_P#GTA_[]B@`^P6?_/I#_P!^Q0`?8+/_`)](?^_8H`/L%G_SZ0_]^Q0`
M?8+/_GTA_P_8H`/L%G_`
^D/_?L4`'VS_Y](?^_8H`/L%G_P`^D/\`W[%`
M!]@L_P#GTA_[]B@`^P6?_/I#_P!^Q0`?8+/_`)](?^_8H`/L%G_SZ0_]^Q0`
M?8+/_GTA_P_8H`/L%G_`
^D/_?L4`'VS_Y](?^_8H`PM:MH(?$7A9HH(XR
M;Z4950/^76:@#I:`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
/QA_R*=_

M2^3:PBZB5;EB0=Q;#@YW'MWX%$M.5+=J_X7O\`UZ#6\K[)_K:Q=M_B'%-H

L6&@37^ERPK<S7!N8H?*C(SPK-EFQSMX'O3G^[FXSV
M744??BG'=].+Q7J]SX\CTFVT4RZ/+91W(NQ


MI[J]$C0RV3W$4/DNC%7W.QQ@$'D9SQQZ*6EG'5/7^O





M


I49.44DIP
CK^%1'WHN^C

9XM*TF.PTJ_UF]OX)I(E:2)&^1@#O8[5`^;J

M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%



VM_$JP6265
MPDEN6



M]
\)_P!G3:9.]^T\]HUQ+
YCQYTDQRQ`S\HST'/'?O35HO3:UOQ3O^'XB=WO


M$C'#;QP*'%-.#^%OYZ[Z^=NV@7::EU7W;W7W7[ZFCI/AN'1[_P`^WG8PK8PV


^GI

MZ2_VWS?[/MYH

TM%TO^Q]/:U\[

/QA_R*=_\`[H_]

M;?0:5W9%'^VM/_LRUU+[1_HEV8Q#)L;YO

M)9/+B+Y\S[I`7)P.YQQUHCJKKO;\$_U!Z?=?\6OT-.@`H`*`$=@B


MGN)//9EAF-G
L


M


M
WT9\-ZO$H^9UBP/F'I)0!L?\)-=?\`0KZS_P!\0_\`QR@`_P$FNO^A7UG



M3Z$CJ!6E-R?)S?SO_P!)6_\`6UB)V7-;^3]9?UZEW5=*CE7Q+KSW-Z-0TW4@





MA*?Z5G]ZP^@5


;_VTO:;<3W5C\/II9GFNG9C)



/QA_R*=__`+H_]%`&Y0`4`%`!0`4`%`'/W/_
M`4/3/\`L%W7_HVWH`Z@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*
M`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`YO0?\`6^*/^PB__HB*@QX+_Y$


E0P!]

M[CI2E%25F-/E=T
M;6QM(;2UB6*%`D:*








MF07-P$U#3Y;*(6D
S


MKK^O^!Y[;MH_PM+_?;IN:]`PH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`YO0?





MZ
N?F.3CL
8IU/WC;?5M_-JW]=?

/(#N*0


MT
5E_PP_\`QV@`_L[Q3_T
5E_X+#_\=H`/[.\4_P#0Q67_`(+#_P#':`#^
MSO%/_0Q67_@L/_QV@`_L[Q3_`-#%9?\`@L/_`

M;5M.O-2UFXCL96E2**R\HLQC9.3O/&'/:@#HJ`@#F_`G_(K+_U^7G_`*4R

@#H*`@`H`*
M`@`H`*`*

=AUB1E[@W&'4\\;-O/;OWH`(I]2;5)89;%+%1E+@


9Z[]GIS]V@`NK





=AUB1E[@W&'4\\;-O/;OWH`(I]2;5)89;%+%1E+





MKK5


MJDL

G7J-HV]O7








MTZ&!4_U)2YW^9UZ_*-O;UZT`

@FN6QYL376Q8^



MB[TZ&!4_U)2YW^9UZ_*-O;UZT`
6XTR*\7/EP+=;E?C
MN^P8_(T`:5`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`


M`*`


EG:/-%9SW;KC$





MF7X.Y@/FV@]02.:E/2_]6[^@_POUL:.EZU;:N&-JDFU$1F9@,*6&=G7[P&
M?J.:IJW]?U_7H3Y/?^OZ_I&C2&%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`&=JVJG2UMQ'





M=&!I-)Z
:;B[HRH_!NAQP20FWGF62%X&


MKI;\%8;:^$]&L]7&J06\J72DE?\`293&I*A21&6V`D``G&:I-J_G?\7=_CJ3









+QUS4VO&SWLE\E^NBU\MA[-

]:7]Z[UZ_A;7OWZ:DVTT]/*UV[+[
MVAMOX'ALM7M;^REMK79
EO\_PVT\EK
MH$US7?G_`%\_/S?30ZV@84`%`!0!A^
/^13O_P#='_H0H`W*`@`H`*`@#F


MHQ6#28NI8GF1
'E%*ACGIP77\Z`+%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0
M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!S_AG_`(_O$?\`V%&_

M`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!S_AG_C^
M\1_]A1O_`$3%0!T%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!#=+.UG
MK(D=P481.ZY

,G8!\V2`0?,[ABN<8.C2C-QELF_P!?PM9]]^Z(
M5Y13CU7XZ?JWY?#YGH2.LB*Z'*L,@CN*35G9@FFKH=2&%`&+%XMT*7Q)<^'O
M[1B35K8J&MI#M9MRAAMS][AATH`A\#_\B7I?_7+^IH`Z@`H`*`@##\8?\`
M(IW_`/NC_P!%`&Y0`4`%`!0`4`%`'/W/_)0]


M_P#B*`#^P];_`.AMO?\`P%M__B*`#^P];_Z&V]_\!;?_`.(H`/[#UO\`Z&V]
M_P#`6W_^(H`/[#UO_H;;W_P%M_\`XB@!WAFYOI'UBTOKQKM[&]\A)F149E



PQ




MTB8OFV-*6.:))8G5XW`964Y#`]#0TT[
$TU=#J0PH`*`.?F_Y*'9_]@N?_
M`-&Q4`=!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`'/\`AG_C^\1_]A1O_1
5`'04`%`!0`4`

MW4
D

.6
M*/07T^!92RD(0^?


MZ9

E@UEM#
3M6%@BYS@
M4Y/1+LA):M_ULCIJ@H*`@#GYO\`DH=G_P!@N?\`]&Q4`=!0`4`%`!0`4`%`
M!0`4`%`'/^&?^/[Q'_V%&_\`1
5`'04`%`!0`4`%`!0!S_AO_D*^*/\`L*#_
M`-)H*`.@H`*`&32K!!)


M+^WTOEB-M(LS0AD!81$;^Q.







`$%3GG)YHJMT(76K2OZ]



MR2

M/N

M@)QY

V\!H`ZB@#)\432V_A/6)H)'CECLY61T.&4A#@@


OE^9C;MVYY



*O4'G.:47[JD
M^KT_\L5;W^1=-_NN:VJ^(I-.N_)6W5Q_9L][DMCF/9A?H=WZ4IOD4W_`V_


M







HR^TVW\TE^@J?[MQ:^S^FID:[X/23P]JD.G
MF:2[N--2P16=0J;MIS@8/S'GITZ54VYRN^LDW]ZO;Y!!*271-+YHT=(\
1


MMIOM%M%
8I(O


MQIQ:/R!)NW?W-^-WS;=V

M23B/4IO/E(895L*/EXX'R#KGO0O=45_*[_\`DW-^?X`];^:M^%CA9/GBW\

*OO

M3Y^NGX)+]#


:NM?Z_KS-JQNTO[*
<4VFM&)-/8L4AA0`4`<_X
_Y%]_^O^]_]*I:

_[!=U_Z-MZ`.@H`*`@`H`*`@`


M7\;;]]OQ9=7P]J=MX8_L?3]6M[
B((DJ69Q&2Q+;5$@VK@[5`.5]353]ZR]/



MEB%`.`

VG6\DT;)');

0.L

M_




M-4`'_9:7_SZZS_X)+S_`.-4`'_9:7_`
^NL_\`@DO/_C5`!_PF6E_\^NL_



]^)HF@TRXG1T\B

M?\)EI?\`SZZS_P2\_^-4`'_9:7_SZZS_X)+S_`.-4`'_9:7_`
^NL_\`

MU0`?\)EI?_/KK/\`X)+S_P-4`'_``F6E_\`/KK/_@DO/_C5`#/DC7$VO7@
MM[F&&ZU'S(OM%N\#
H@A7.UP&`RK#D=J`.CH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`.?\&?\`

MT`=!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!S^J?\CIX?\`^N5U_)*`
M.@H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@#G_#/_']XC_[C?^B8J`.@H`

0_VD'$@]U`;_9;K0!KV-_::E:K=65PD


M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!S_AG_C^\1_]A1O_`$3%0!T%`!0`




$

M











7DR%+Z=5V_[*A\*1S@J`023W-)*R:_K^O^&V'?5/L-7P



M;7&M]['#)8ZLFBVD:^&;G(L[BR^S&6W!BWE2K']YMV8&#@D\=*&FURWU:CKV

N=/G^SK/).^H+)'B16A*!5



M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!S_AG_`(_O$?\`V%&_]$Q4`=!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!
M0`4`%`$8FB:=X!*AF10[1AAN522`2.P)5L?0^E`$E`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4

M!T%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`'/ZI_R.GA_P#ZY77\DH`Z
M@`H`S-3\0Z1HQ5-0U"5_N1%LR/_NH/F;\!0!2/B.[N1_Q*_#NHW*GI).J

MM?Q+:MB\\


M``/_`
B7I?\`UR_J:`.@H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`.?N?^2AZ9_V[K_



M%`!0`4`%`!0`UT21&1U#(PP589!%`&$_A#3(9&FTKS='N&.2]@PC4GU:/!1O


ME&4DB8
K?B*`
?PS_P`?WB/_`+C?^B8J`.@H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*
M`@##M?^1ZU;_L'6?_HRYH`W*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@#G_!

M4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!S]S_P`E#TS_`+!=U_Z-MZ`.@H`*`@`H`*`@`H





M?(LXA$JY(Y9L@9(Y`'X^E`'K-`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!X;K?Q/UW3_
M`(N1:.OAJ*6^A#V


W7_0T:S_`-]P
M_P#QN@`_X1FZ_PAHUG_`+[A_P#C=`!_PC-U_P!#1K/_`'W#_P#&Z`#_`(1F
MZ_Z&C6?^^X?_`(W0`?\`
W7_0T:S_WW#_\`&Z`

MI?\`,W7_0T:S_WW#_\`&Z`#_A&;K_H:-9_[[A_^-T`'_
W7_0T:S_WW#_\


?U_.@#;_P$9NO^AHUG_ON'_P-T`'_
M``C-U_T-&L_]]P__`!N@`_X1FZ_Z&C6?^^X?_C=`!_PC-U_T-&L_]]P__&Z`

MB@#HO^$9NO\`H:-9_P^X?\`XW0`?\(S=?\`0T:S_P!]P_\`QN@`_P$9NO^
/RX/%VKQIDMM2R`R
M3DG_`(]^Y)/XT`2?\(]JG_0Y:S_WZL__`(Q0!1U&VU;1)M-N!XGU&[26^A@D

M





M'0?\(]JG_0Y:S_WZL_\`XQ0`?\(]JG_0Y:S_`-^K/_XQ0`?\(]JG_0Y:S_WZ
ML_\`XQ0`?\(]JG_0Y:S_`-^K/_XQ0`?\(]JG_0Y:S_WZL_\`XQ0!DS_#B*X\
M26WB*;Q)JS:M;1&**X


M?\(]JG_0Y:S_`-^K/_XQ0`?\(]JG_0Y:S_WZL_\`XQ0`?\(]JG_0Y:S_`-^K
M/_XQ0`?\(]JG_0Y:S_WZL_\`XQ0!'I']H67BN\TRZUBZU&`644Z&YCA5D8O(


MD=[JNG:88A?W]M:&4D1^?*J;R.N



MF@CG6XB





/\`D%67_84L





%J+0!Y_X
M_Y:_\`8+3_`-*9Z`/0*`
;5=?.FZE;:?!I-[J-S/$\P2U
0VJI4$DR.@ZL


9(4-#
KC)Z#(-.S0KHGDN8(8I9))X
MTCA&9&9@`@QGD]N.:EM)7923;LAEM?V=Y:1W=K=P3VTOW)8Y`R-SC@C@\U33

M!Z!0!3U;4[;1M)NM2NRPM[:

MLO)

4

YQC(..M5:P=_(DM
=_P`+?YEVWURNWG2VO()GMVV3+'(&


M2KPI


\0X:!9E,BG&<%<Y'%U5T#TW+M`!0`

`A&?GGIA3



M#GX?^2AWG_8+@_\`1LM`!XN_X\=-_PPI:?^CEH`Z@#SG6HU7Q6M]H%KKEG



MUUOL

GS*V

^]%+W53MIJ[_-RW






Q4JP
;?
#@@]C[%IQYY.7PJ5_N2TO
.SL=9U'38-1BDOK:^@NI)9(_9
M9QN=0=K%5ST-+[47+;7[[.S_`!W_`,A_9DH[Z?FK_@G_`$QNHVFD2'1)H?T



8/#5L!]B3[$([0`3RVR8@!PV=O*\\#VJ+M4VUOS?A:/X7O^)I%
M)U8I[65_O?Z6':[INHS#77_LZYN89+?3S+$J$FXC1V

MNW.W\K*S]$_R



GS*V

^



EZ6Z]G\K&K/X4@-GJ


M&E&THJQ[9@NV+:P).67'7O4PORI1TE?7[[IWZZ6^ZP[I3O+6-E^6JMYN_P!Y


5*L#&WS`X(/8^

:F+:
#;
MCC`]








:@!R%


5+^=?=[OW(ENS;C_*_OUMZLW==\




Y





M#1OQY1&47)P
^O':K3M+7^1K_P`FC^G3LB&O=?\`B7Y


MF6'RY`#`Y/FMC.-VW[W0XJZLN3FMMR/_`-M_'?\`$27-OOS?J_T



B@E4!.




MTB_/6[_3_@&;TY[=7'R[7.V\)Z6FD3:[:V]E]CLOMY:WB6/8FTQ1DE!TQNW=
M.




LRJDPCN98DF4=!(B


\_P#`7_(37_L%I_Z4





@@CD$?0TFE)
M68TVG=&3I7A/1M%N4N+*WE\V./RHS-

M\N1D;!]&4@@^X.:32:LQIV=T

Z[IEC;
MV.KC[&!-;1B-[@R




O9FC:W.

:M-8:=H.C7\6G7%V][.UY)`)BBI.1A4)`))<<G.`#Q4Q3E&*OM#^]+\-





NN;]

M())QSGVHI:4Y7UU?Y1?Y:6^85/BC;33]6OSU_`[:@`H`*`.?\8?\@JR_[EC
M_PE
=`!X(_Y%Q_X'_Z,:@#H*`@#GO&W_(M-_U]6W_`*/2B/\`$AZH'\$_
M\

9XI).4FET5_Q2
M_4;:C&_G;\&_T

XR/3BF

WEK#HCR)*2!DRS


M`\_\!?\`(37_`+!:?^E


2Z-J%NFK:O9ZE'J4
TL:16GD_9G1`P

M^#^O89H?B.^U6R\/MJ

AVQ2$.$/
;D`9QZD=#323E%KK%
MO[G;]!.ZC)/HX_C;_/0ET_6_$[2Z=JUUJ%D^G7.H/8FR2U*L%\QU5_
W'+#:
M.
WNI8Q]FAC9@H4R`A1MPV`
M
DMFL[J%&

%VW
MG0FX=%4QX0$L.S8).?SKHDG[:?.[J-OG?F_R
5_#CRJS=_EL8VD^-O$FI^*8


GC'48

MAV0S^4'
F[[P]`
8ZYHIZ\G-]I?=HW^FH3TYN7[-OGM_F&J:YXEB.NZK!J5C
M#IVB714VC6I9KA`B
5




M/L[WO+)-4;59-.ENS;EHRJQNWF/=PV`.
XR/2G\?*UHFI/[G;3[O\`AQ?!
MS7UMR_C;_



MOO2144G5DGW$TZ\\1Z7K5E!K&KVFI0ZI'(Z)%:^2;9E4-A3N.]
9'//3FJG[

8W(`SCU(Z&K23E%KK%O[G;]'=1DGT<?QM_
MGH2Z?K?B=I=.U:ZUR?3KG4'L39):E6^8ZJ_F;CEAM'&`
$]^:BGKR*7VHW
M]'RN7XE5-.;E^R_OU2_4]!H`*`@#GX?^2AWG_8+@_\`1LM`!XN_X\=-_PP






8+1JX5CP
Y!SCFB/N[!+WMRS)H6FRV
MU[;O;9BOI/-N%WL-[8`SUX^Z.GI0M+6Z.Z];W_
'K?S5OPM^0IT6Q.M#5PDJ
MWOEB(LD[JKJ

ME
&M)L8+6*WMJVL[7

M;JXN+ZUF=K@*)U2ZEC27;]TLBL%8CL2






5M_/]/^



M#*0RD
A!!!`/!I6U3[#OT
Z7P=H\T$$4HOG:WD

D8.V7?O`(_AS
MCVI];_U_P1=+%JU\.Z59VUE;P6FV.RE
T.78D2$





MHK+T8K;^?Z?\


MAH@N;F2Z?U^`I/E2;V?]?B=)0
*`@`H`Y_QA_RK+_L*6/_`*4QT`'@C_D4

VIFQM8WF
0(#;S,%;^)6/]
M4HW?(E]J[^5FU^_$;LN;RM^-E^;_`B;QE?16FH1RZ/FK65Y!:-;_:R86\T

MQ6L_GK-Y@&P(Q53N).

1W
2RJ#VR



2.&%7^Z9'


M;^$7RV!/R'JPZU+DE%SELG;\$_U*46VHK=D

9;2UUHZMI@@N]+
8



)FN+TP--(OWUC7R


M&RT`'B[_`(\=-_[EI_Z.6@#H*`@`H`*`

@

QK_POK#MI

RJ#&D9#9_V

4U1BOM)6^3W^[IZF?KW@W4[GQ+K;./$

M\S;?3=7M?&T=SI%GJ%M;S3(+YY9X7M)XPF-X4L9%DX49``.WG(JJ;U?-MK]_



MTV&U@

6J=-

:@#H












%&1716:=1V

MYK5D6%`!0!Y_X_X_PW_PP-#_Z.FH`]`H`*`@#G'4VOQ%BD?[E[IQC0X_






UG_`+^V?_Q^@`_X2'5/
M^A
UG_O[9_\`Q^@`_P$AU3_`*$S6?\`O[9__'Z`#_A(=4_Z$S6?^_MG_P#'
MZ`#_`(2'5/\`H3-9_P_MG_\?H`/^$AU3_H3-9_[^V?_`
?H`/\`A(=4_PA
M,UG_`+^V?_Q^@`_X2'5/^A,UG_O[9_\`Q^@`_P$AU3_`*$S6?\`O[9__'Z`
M#_A(=4_Z$S6?^_MG_P#'Z`#_`(2'5/\`H3-9_P_MG_\?H`/^$AU3_H3-9_[
M^V?_`,?H`/\`A(=4_PA
UG_`+^V?_Q^@`_X2'5/^A
UG_O[9_\`Q^@`_P$
MAU3_`*$S6?\`O[9__'Z`#_A(=4_Z$S6?^_MG_P#'Z`#_`(2'5/\`H3-9_P_

M#JG_`$)FL_\`?VS_`/C]`!_PD.J?]9K/_?VS_\`C]`!_P`)#JG_`$)FL_\`
M?VS_`/C]`!_PD.J?]9K/_?VS_\`C]`!_P`)#JG_`$)FL_\`?VS_`/C]`!_P
MD.J?]9K/_?VS_\`C]`!_P`)#JG_`$)FL_\`?VS_`/C]`!_PD.J?]9K/_?V
MS_\`C]`!_P`)#JG_`$)FL_\`?VS_`/C]`!_PD.J?]9K/_?VS_\`C]`'/Z%:
M:WX?N+:XD\/7MT)+!8G2WFM]T3B:5\-OE4=''W21UH`Z#_A(=4_Z$S6?^_MG
M_P#'Z`#_`(2'5/\`H3-9_P_MG_\?H`/^$AU3_H3-9_[^V?_`
?H`/\`A(=4
M_PA,UG_`+^V?_Q^@`_X2'5/^A,UG_O[9_\`Q^@`_P$AU3_`*$S6?\`O[9_
M_'Z`#_A(=4_Z$S6?^_MG_P#'Z`#_`(2'5/\`H3-9_P_MG_\?H`/^$AU3_H3
M-9_[^V?_`,?H`/\`A(=4_PA
UG_`+^V?_Q^@`_X2'5/^A
UG_O[9_\`Q^@#

M?$/_`








:WNI2Z5=V-N;**!?M.P%F#R

`
end








begin 644 form102.jpg



$!08'`D*P$``P$!



G*TM/4U=;7
H*#A(6&
MAXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q,7&Q\C)RM+3U-76
MU]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_``!$(`0`4@



M6(-


MEA?
*[MS=
#'3I^=)5:KCS7T)6(KN#G?1&YX




V$IU74I7BN6ECF8

8*D'.1R.O?&*]&6(H)-PDKOS.*HG&
G3B[OR8SPK!;:=X:T6*#5ELK
C,G1ETS2/C*L
M\-[`-,F:62*9GH-Z'Y<GIACM`^GK54W#VWNO0Q@HT\3?H6/VL7.A^$?%VJ
MV)0S07\;+N&58&0`@^Q!(_&G3DX1DUWE-TZ<Y1[K\Q^MV^D'X7ZIJ6B
%LM
M0O(IOL^

:\=')/Y?\$QG5HR5HQ:^?_`/0?@EM%UKVPDKM@QD


M:%`'0^#V2/4KV26


@_

_XD2)-K.GR
MQ

*`/6/@A_K]=
M_P!V#^;UU87=GJY=]H]B[5VGJ'



`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

        
        
        
        
        


        

          


          200
000
000

        

          25
172
640



        

          

        
        

          56
393



        

          

        
        

          5
011
169



        

          

        
        

          2
000



        

          

        
        

          3
440
800



        

          

        
        

          5
000



        

          

        
        

          731
707



        

          

        
        

          25
000



        

          

        
        

          27
092



        

          

        
        

          36
073


      
        
        
        
        

          108
840


      
        
        
        
        

          34
616
714


    


        
        

        
        


            Number of warrants

            or options
          

        
        


        
        

          1
037
858

        
        


        
        

          489
330

        
        


        
        

          1
334
573

        
        


        

          Warrants issued to investors in 2009 PIPE

          - Series A


          1
753
909

        
        


        

          Warrants issued to investors in 2009 PIPE

          - Series B


          501
115

        
        


        
        

          50
722

        
        


        
        

          20
289

        
        


        
        

          10
144

        
        


        
        

          5
197
940

        
        

    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2013

          



        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#

M#L;8M$HRB_XLVY$Z?0`7;A(4P
CV3).WKR$SHVJ49A0U4L\&1+#O/?'B6W$7

M&


B$GY0U^_Z#)[[)#&
MG=
:OVT&_R[&8/QDA_'-WQL\[OL6C\8U-26WQH6OIHLQ^+[EOZS;_;1VEYXO

MK&8HKF8HL&8HL@H4606*K`)%5H$BJT15:#(*E!D%2BRA19!8JL.8JL.8JL
M.8JL.8JL.8JL.8JL.8JL.8JL.8JL.8JL$D56B2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DE

`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0U53`C]0```$P```+``@7W)E;',O+G)E;',@H@0
M**```@``````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````C)+/3L
P#
;O2+Q#Y/OJ;D@(H:6[3$B[

M['*ED3!1RF%HT9







M;3G8MCR;.QYRQ[








M_:[B=Z8F

MIJ0R()5!8RQ5E:G)&:'NQZ(





M@Y]9-YPT#(L_7V-L:GIV:

Z
*+0=^=SV[G#P./3P2NG
M;G09

MDYV3848'&J

1M6LP[
QU)#6CB:7=`P\'*GQ


M]N-XF.B11C3KN.A8)C*YE/%/'-!DS@T;
=%8-.3EJ^LBM
N+
ER2(!S)\3#1
M(XUHCL=.?N(**LUB1*(YQXB)QJ(A'B_#79D*Q=M&2:$N
M!H6O[HY43*S#0(\:@0XV:584







9\`/




M:P_U^R]-N?VM/$EP&_*D
O!2UZ\*_;957\&/@\FOO_89^*/QMG*7OQV[/^OW
M7V6Y/W20;@XK4@N[WWX^R[8`1R'
BG$5J:B/(`#^]:I2E08XDG_T_[^7V^ZP



MSFG$R!
LI%2XO0(CG





8+9%+&:P=?'FSC31@F-J&6P@XNF!IV.C=1N.5-]





=+
&9[]ZL$53I*?=

GS]JK)%


M];D_N7NI.S@L[/\\P.&PA/
NL@)X5]?=Y8
Z31N.FQ__`P``__\#`%!+`P04


M

E;K)

MCC4YJW4C

7122BP?-=THT+H`843
'_&TE6]NC





.H$/S+'URN@]@DT#-6W+


22A9'QV4VX
-Q
&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M<R]S:&5E=#8S+GAM;)R976_J.!&[U?:_Q#E_A!B)Q00<%2HNGND/=)JM1_7

WJ1??/_*C]\[**N/%T@]'8]]C


R]?JP%CM08:B6OJ'
MNC[-@Z!*#RQ/JA$_L0)&=KS





M$HM

BIDJT[A%U%9M&(7H!
M?TD3/TK9'_9&Q8A%BRB#0)NC5]`[A:.:-<U%92VD@X)E.@KB2A7='4A-$0B
M:.G#15H`J


PT-1;.LQ



EK9)2!


ME+^)



BMZ*\MI%A)B_A$'G.4_8@TDW%







O)@$YVPP_Q='E_'_

M1Z
8AV3G0A1

M2P

G:

MO&`&^/56U/J@5F;GR)5


SU#QD*A)


MIA[:/P[G'5:N!C3\*G?0!$0/:%(*&R=2?GB:(+B&P3B.L`N`!&@4-P1)
M&M*D^W]0:9B^XTJ?5P+K-`*(N@`(@$8(0&A(8]H9#`CH)036:400=P&0`(V0

M='_`





M08]






UT^:.6TJ




M#3I7D!T2.`4.Y+IP-HN2\RYTX\Y-`\%4Q3ZQIM&(RHT=92$TS_!VF+*KJ!^4
MPP9
N8Y4[!M1%6\U:E@)H8&7PODK-R?=PLBNGS5K:6^]8\U_,X8?+!!^!2
M2K-?V$D\_7?P$``/__`P!02P



M7SY4G=)LTX#OEW#.^(%[6$SH6\FU
JJT'M#Y&.C4\\)?^
T7A42'+BT$RW*
MG-Z$R]N,^NO5D)]?4NS,R3TQM=I]UK+X*CL!R88RN0)LE'IRT(?/8+-_F3W


HW%


7O]E%3PZDAO'DM.4

M?'`J$[TM
WN/C`/G%+B/P0?9D1BE$90

MP!/M]]M!&&OS;(@C=+@6!;4QGF&GWLK=4^B:8QA*NMFU4AM
KX=!RC-]$P


M*

]*.-!KMY9D0)T$-.`+2Z?[[*6
'8R#:;EZ2D)PJGSIECJFLO[P5



M9R*E;:67NN'%?Q($*I5




M8LHQRR_%X\+P#@$R-$R%DG(LPCCTJ:O[9M*899DPX9E`=*5*C;YI+OP8(+YW


X&1:-OG`N7X%$:Z`UDJC'+.6'.H'HVT#1Z'OG@N*331#H
MQIDT9IDG3+@G](XI1:-OGXL@AL_]U1!9QEH&S5JBK9'24.AU!;U(X_&GL88
M:M!9%MI&C6@

MIJN.2)1B`5'DXK.O%LSD



`4$L#


M=#8Y+GAM;)R6;6^;




MHYHNYU+L'=@U$%
UU.Q!


:D


MDQ4'69*






TPF



9P%R$*<9X`7`1T

MDH;CPF`4N.!R#BD!$2
EPJS2Z\-BK0*GW%6#4ZA*9D4
)+LZ+=8JF+\Y1QWG





&A5(90ZFB*$45)S<LM
H86I4#
BU8G+56@4^4LZA*QX1%5'.B$ZY:38F**JB,2I0F.#-!8`&UB`%U
M,@4F!E1C8D2F1#[])68W`@4+L]:*ID8[6J%7`&-<-+K0:D(;OT!86UB6-44
MJZA*%P@+J$4

M@A15Z6RP$%K$$#HYZ







M0C))W6CIBM7/`HN/.L;'QJU[(!.JQGJL
N$]I]#


MBGAE'OT['V]Q:`J'1460:O(7E/FE*HPMI([34K%D*M51`%BE!4N=SD_NUS


MJ%QJ*O]PO)I?-BS05A'0RLD&[T53HU+*16D2VHSE2406I23U-4K.(:JV


<1H)9$`9*TE$V)D-G_EXTG]^,BIS%5C`+'*-P'67)!(F<
M!5(PHRZ$K5-V]+OE!2@3.8NH8!8X0I$ZREA)8D%6Y,!/?R47E+*C[`*@B9S%
M53`+(D3!.LH^J!865$4..U$2TK5438FR3PGF)-CQ/
9DK=%$3F+M6`61(9N


4JK70]@N)X8CL4UNV!R%/50?)(G'W5AGE`P[








Y923?N.^7N







M$QL*;?=X7/'R(@=3;1_C(V:F8P]F\!#7^_$G]O$%T9F_&:',#YJPH]JAS7]
M?.WR(S=+!;&1DTS^.#&X



@#`R


^KB$7IB\5*H1O;`
M9M`')B1A$E.I6EO1C*S;2MB!GUB0A(-C'`UE6K40*RH*7[Q]*A)3&HJE4I#
M?I&\N1=6W`R&N$E
;BK5J&Y8D3

MD5BQ

M
/FI5*W-N
&


M]


!2&[R?M/UB^+X:0;X54
M[:INE39IFO9Q[9@#6
48V4[3_OL=XX2FM)G2W0`V[WD?GV-S6%T^JIH\@+%2




M!=QHL570N&!BH.8.UV\KV=J#FQ+GVEN[K?MA=J18N-K*5[ZDPI46)Y5S;:



!/&C^#??]








MJ)`DZ$C@NR

E@8QC2:^;
M?

SVD
T$+%W+8(K(DM?RH`#%A:\
4



P9`PC

1Q#QE80


P-!E%Z


W`?0DF*V1^WQ%:\=@+#RYI3@D&:_$6[C=%GJ_9/:9.'#7`8/?


M7%(T
66IR(O)0+`8



M.$)PK;4[3OS#
;WGFW\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#+7'7BA`(``$@&

!2&[R?M/UB^
M;YP$$B@B5'15MTJK-$W[N#;.26(UCB/;E/;?[SB&M*6=!%SD\\WSGO?X@^75

M#8`C2.AL01OG^@5C5C2@N(UT#QV^J;11W.&MJ9GM#?!R^$BU+(WCGDN.QH(
MW

@6\`C4=+/


]-[7L+&FAPD_C




QV_PZNM'63COHE:YK-8N71#7$54F=WEU




MO)L@-%H$+(R3!Z)XF%%;X$O:I)M5+2\.3`TPU2G5


M-5EW2J?RC%_T


M!*




WU0I_+NO/RYG\```#__P
`4$L#

M=#4T+GAM;)2476^;
!2&[R?M/UB^+\:D^110M:NZ5=JD:=K'M6
.8!5C9#M-
M\^]WC!
4)RDET$M3J;XIZ*^?#U<K

MCTO;




DE_SU_1CY*CASX6


M:&5E='


_PX(703L*H`S.J


O%$X8MX6QI8Z/[$!_%KX*:`H'#'_$8YS$_M*@ZW@




M5EUOFS`4?9^T_X!X+V`^0Q12M:NZ3=JD:=K'LP


^V6).+@C?;S/[]Z_%F85M*TZ:@E6A8
M9K\R9=^N/WY8'81\4CO&M`4

U58YH60-?2B%KJN%1;EW5





QL$GBTVMT#7BN.TXH




GJ=[M
M^QNF9`\46]$*^^A)
9)L?E]W2M-M[E/R8BR,[=?O**7@FEE5&4CH/!Z.O



M!74=9C$LK.I]/V^5A1GRCPW\






M[^JFS5\.
.Y/%N;%J?;PXJ9\519MTS7;WH%R+@J]'7/B)BY46B\W)8Q`V&ZU



BZ\N/-R0&0)Z]8JT
MQ$2:@*DTXDJ*#$ICX




%%^YK\\D%
RHU-4?XV)-`$
M24R#1$)&^K'NM%-4_4:A$VA)Z:A(Z%DZ`_F
&(_;14L.:55C%((MN-O6YFF

M_CKA
10;R.3]%+YF&/;DW?



M









!K_G4XNVMF00Q=!0YT`$5`4=HT(UM3S=2N
0OTE!'+1
MA
#K2T0%`4=@4_C.%[W`H,`QF_8ZO?U0Z:$/A]`B1`$1+`D-(PU(P&0K@$



M[DCF[#'2_J
84.5U_U

MNZ?T`V_A9-!]/
-)D




S\7YN5^#OQLK8

P@M4I)07``#O5IFKK0$=2=[:


M-`9DD




JIPE!
M/)`(R3P`U]MS
8$-`Y!

4LAR36)I&:M-41?(V$K+


<R\N%FMN[_U/;?P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&
M``@````A`$BZ/*
G!```









OE


M41(1211(.D[^ODNN+5E1TCJ^
MR'K

E;)AB?T
%XU4;%.![Z=PRM(#MWL8T=<B55++W'A`YV.B
M8\\+?^$#TWJ57!@RTX4SQ-Z'2YOPI#ZZY4KT&_!=_KHGNA2[CXKD7T5#8=J


L/5*R1V!K@%-W3+;@^$2
MF`_.
(_.ZUM6P:


FM%H4O$<0@-O#CM/


1+U)Z*^?#U=S

FE
MJIB!1[5Q=:
XR]J@JG0#SYNZ%1
U18:%.H=#YKE(^9U
MQ6O#9(H7C(#^G4A


16DI)TJXVL_B#(WU




M6BYE+!Y5O



MJ
?J[7-JOP`1+\#&Z7)^NV!0$S'HUA%F)+$GM\/!DU&$ES`.+R%$8.:C*TM
M3:+#.5RG9.1C'HA\'[CJMM:08G\O5Y+*-:D.]=T([9J4Y1[B2'EFP=$\_O
MJZ>;T:G?.!Z;&WNG.HE)1N
*YM!XZB9[50G
M

L
MALMRMFJ`6K3@*_&#ZY7
C9.*)5AV.WV`TE3-TH-515D1+I2%*K3\N89_'0*J
MJ&X'Q$NE[/X!:[3J?\ST/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`#[P&%L\!@``



MTO]P:
[#9;2VNF6XMNR_/I_?55U[ED

ML[*ZC*U?6


MX(\^V-:[\ODX_MF]_%8W^\
HX^9R16IA=]L?'^NADAV5PZP2KD:JNJ
T(+\&
M;:.VANQ(^5U_?VFVXV$3IF+%LW4:2WGP5`_CIT8-&0;5\S!V[;]&%
-09I`$
M!I'?89!8K%CL_R&42+C2_P8SF6#_=]]Q+(72/G'
ZEVH/QG1SYLC+C8UKK
M:TN5:U2#/*I1-F$6!G(5@\SGVT/
T^0^^B:;6H'H@Q')K[-H4D32SN1)^KCV



F-B.N5JU.13^\O#
AM^O;5JR++0#9-8%IO1

M0/U90&?.O_%4D65@7J$Q8$3&0!RG:3$97!@H*`94D65@GL`8
)O!+$\9V]O
M@:[%MAZ6J.Q`IOK'BT9MCT%66AQA[
*SS!A$CU-UV$G65Y6$^Z]`'`T)_




MT`BC\H;!2*345?AD9)B4H/*'P4BHU%668Q*4'G#814ZBK+`T8EJ/QAD%#)
M7*B\(J'9$*Z(0P2*YGKF3+#K`25/PP2*ID+E1E&):C\89!0R5RHS#`J075#
M&16


BQZP$


8)%9R%RNOGA$

7=J\5E'D%IJZP^8%2


0'.N=
M+%VO

KR+P8N[.^6?/4C?(VC_[Q(&]OU?)ZRGHEQ;NN&R\OU+VCZ3[8
MPW\```#__P


MF9984Z)`TDE]&]KC@`'#NF&7`;OM

M&];5AT0B?WS_W^








4WEO#USG:WVW3P!F3QS25\_TJK67?Q!A0R&D^7T-JA_7Y*/8=
.-LM




F@A
MT8LOG_SV[
F+KS[]_;O')?!M@4=%^)!&1*);Y`@=\`AT




R





M.6UM
^46YS3IBI=B!F?'

MD(FH@K@RL6*/R%A0UT#FWIO]U`(H6ZJ25H&#.YD_+GO:0:-`MWD%//-J63Y
MWFMSX)_N?&PR@U)N'38-36;_7,2\/5CLJG:]69[MO45%],2BS:IG60',EM!
M*TW[UQ3AG%NMK5A+&J\U











M@:*H(@2*HNHOC`82*G^8*;#?I#BJ(&BJ($BJ)Z+;D7RN/*D*@**H(@:*H
M^MMY$G,5]EH5YRIHBJ(&BJ$IK/L



!T&EQON[UYVZ%8X
MN#]17%$6=]J)AW!-+WP8K+F)^!3WDGCW)-ZVGYOOKX[6FO=7?DW+?I#^$?%



9&79




M)W64MVH6]'IP?(I6#I
/S%%%I+BT\%:^*S*&+SM/?LN
8OL





MP

JO$2-PZ%28$/REE
MQRX3&J8G-U7%G33\Y



M


?/#!W`[J4GW^


)7`'NF15BB'96TG1..G=5)9@NO6

$)[%HY4JU2&JJ1%O`=&
6@Z33-


M:BUMZJD=;YSD?F]6&CVGZY7@4\V0Y`E)30KS&R&X92]+2ATE+1\GDKQXR.JQ

MS4;P&Y








Y1L3JD&/D@^&91!B0L!BF7#@)R!C7TXJ




MWSQX



%]=SQ@RJ


MP



MW?V&$#!?2&TV(3J9891FB]O-8CJ2_M+F1+*I7MXLQE5KQ/YD#-F6_87

;Z


E;)`!;7AU.H=!+1#WE_/%!$
Q3\S11
8J+V2S-U^L=_M9+ZU'

OH7/W-M$@\VD%7[^O1BU#MFK!OMAI

96\P0$8F8U2&=-86XMDOIT-4
M2)-%S)!*)6K7U0SUT'SCM%K@JX!%W(@Q-KKU`FR^O%F.\!$&A;-V'R=@5EVC


8U7YVMX9H6ZQ6]HY?%YXR\

66&GW=9JH;8T)'E$O\?+GCC'9/Y


M?G-@#
$_3DX/?C@X.CO\\2`^6!




M
_O'P?JLT


*2($S=WU1J-)WYT5O(^Q

YVY2S2W!.RG')
M1'QK7)MF4/FW)=6PG35UM


6?SJN/B^(%#/.NI3$V

M'!%=6X92*4G2BL\VS5T+2V.&1PH=S
\W\R*
L.
K`C\:0&J$,\PJ/J?3DH

ME3DVVIF/7/'XA')9.B@QEP54(\E3`L9QVA`V@N*
3-B]V=G2^U86U3!I]2





PC*6R#Z[S[:??AFW
EV0)1Q,KE\&'L<RFK=O.-\5I
MXXEEE$9+A8^`6ZJBD0`A7[B<MF0,3=##/HX*Y+^E!809)YXD9Y4S$HVIZ7D,
MQ:+F?R+0[)^,T1_N4'


S

O#RXW5I







MFE1DR3QG-1OZ!\C&TE'31X_8;YLI(F1SV65$3`.6$H#



LA01D0!-.V\'A2
X)V





-NYQB^5$S7@



*1*[!83+D3Y0F6!

MYRK-UG)X-@:M1
8YF(L!O)P_O!WY5#B6UW1ZX4V
.-O&^8JZT870(_2F#)SS



#LF1S52

&BV*
MRO31IE9.6[
(4F1L;JWZ&#*%)DI9]&*8@;RU2F-;C#9-K6C@9LKQ



M8049`%R1


_G



ME*8S3$BV.92].B.;



2[
&B






G0Z7F
MJ.-+@A)O$S3UT7S^N'M;YTB[$=[
6W26UM!?^`X))&J`YGV9%_X!`X;H+$AS

M-JX_M41S?XU8-XFR[CUM!36`WHB-0095[%!;51N@L.QC-;AA0P96U)Q'1'5K
M%V$($1S/+\





MR67^G^7F



.LU'-4D3*%YD1K?K78ZKC

M:[$S^MFG4@/2RW#



:7T7H6GH4R;
H8YLZ+AN8;CUH(


M`3-95`X[8@]5
=


WZ56
IQ]Q
M!C.X&

/=^)@9U^F,8UF;RG'PUZ^TT!J9


=.C);\L4+ON*E/R;O[P/\(H==



MCXX5`2
*CW^:W(;768X;14C
RO==#2+8J.J\@@CU(P$AW@WA7)&CABQT#35L

MG([MS=



M7%0M/6W%#?/)T.CH?%TDJM`L.@RZ+AU_P;QNQ%X!9QIV0RD4'X*=AE5A:$,
MJ6B2'3Q00$,6CC]X19:=P=D\^,UZP$NQ&:AVUA]-:609X2_V+$9.02\]_6C



I9#I$\2S@12%K$V%BTI#&Z9EF2


QT`4'K5$GG0M.[D
0XM14N^B(&Y
;?0

#F-
6#0?X20N.Y22XP4CR(`QM\4HW
MU6%&G9ZV.@TZ`WJ9@AK14O]V:4_V.(*&=91]+'Q8^\\:-*(HY#GE#&K*0E9

1Q(QI
MA0\)V+;_2S9YHLKFABQO
P[QT_8F)B@)8*'.QZ0T2#^I'%=KC_'=V`$04
M*=$;B2=P)DEO*&5#Q%7V4BW(7Q99@


MK+BD?IF








F[F(UNH'P
MHJ;8#](WD%)B16VY[M-!:


9*

![!0

'\==AE8W*V`RH?IIL4`D0
]!G1&:UC0(;53L(K8VG)4?U_7?OS9N
MV64!.A_
THDV]81^*

?


M[:D+NW&'U^)YK^
SA:V7?N_BW_Z0U%F=*&QZ+#V7_C=V!+/EEQR#KU#ZK6_I















M

JM`A2D**
'\`?LQ:CD[?89[2B]WDE(
M'JV\CMG*0&:S:L0A-'5H\JU;=&"$^GR^:XC+3P?M'Z95_G8+:LD]J#Q;S

QN;ZJ2QP4XN\5.'X1)RA@IK\JW
UA




SZZX(UA`.I8R#`7`?=J)ZH.T7)
M+I^+C0?_46!]#RUU


:#0K`[OR:D$'6!.W-I)PPY)OS\Q7Z30KZ;V@@A1/FX%&_Z'D


MMUJH'M*208KU)5S/\YMK8:T)3(-D'EH7J_D)

5OL^G+E/7H0W.X]`

M)^8]OK:OKSB1U3OMBLPC8W1%6QD]655&W59UHX113/1M9^?503KJQQS+DN^
M!'D?I=2DK$R]Y2\!XIV!

)VP]+P6A=BFYJX





;'


(K*'+[F6C
M_N8JQO];_?_;)6;S

MF8WS91R5TU+)6W8&5VJJ;PK827%WT:8-`JR#-_ATBNV5G+:C`E3HU;63Y#O






MI1!)`@E=LV6&@%+1+0%#HNJI&=L/W*2B6P*

H\R?[^




M)



^

P+IR!&


W])YU@EM`Q!ACD28<?6;$DJ_L-1#J#!QKMD&(`5W5A6U-%?2
MQEXK?L9[N5;V[1T4A/ISJ$5SX4:5`^C:T&<=)



M799HOV5MZ=S2?`?_2A_?25/$_73SV._]\
CER#\*


E)QXE^;=?T=#E.I)IBGLV_C%\'
M\8
GVFU@XBF'!`;HV`2-I97JO!%:H$GA0-WG%)-+IY/G%K?@X36N464H*54:
MTP

MJ2

M-FY]S]6T!7+F


MS0

MR8MH'L3`=D(`!


'SMVVM-[?PJS8&JTV7QI

^U
MNCKH;ZZLN)F&O'FUX3V





!AJH

UO8UF8(Q^5

M9H^X]\C^^LV`^=UO).KH
?(KV#X$,B##*TABQ,I^/GANR5LD97U_G!])?Q:
M)A#PRPH^AM61LR$()MH5-7AFU&W)\BXEU*LOZ5T'SS(9K@W16'COJDK'O%)


HUA5ZI[\8
MTJUF9;1E?WXQV
3





MX4Y\)3(+0$'0]YK/.SGN7:@4V$:+5=YW/%M%B



YQ:$F:DV9D]%@#@CH3-S;2TZ5P;?DO19

MNLU7@SSG&D]A@[Z^O/H+;HYI@L=@_Y'D5R5`U35PWZ@




MU




6CU;0'
M:+%*DUIW_M`[2KFN!7:#$T^9@&/


M$NDA\YMSIVR7:7..'ZCSG_;!:[6PL!+9R8`5OOLIP._S]






5F.!7`2V.7:


_G/Y-]3`D

0-D%Y?XNB8;56

M.O?;%$&&M/_R$F(GFC\':

TK:Z5G-7&JPN#;ZAOQC=M8!4


MW+CB/JQ`V/I-T9.%J;)`VOJTTO#&
?3GMC7DSM`Z-57K-#<S6\KI#
M38S?.\SL;!_MGVR_W?_7[9/]PX/F4O5?IUKNUP`D#)GI^=_5<7-.TJIAZJ%





4!4N&_W18,VI]&8-!.R^
M59<UD6S6-_K#K6%L##Q0/
M;5HT4)2/V[[!ZT62




M`\30NILGV-61
%KM$'7EM2S-@NMDQ9!

M]2LWO;@-@0`+E5^=F7I\Z+W85.TNQ5HKUA(27)Q;2PW`$UM')&9W$*Z!\62U


SO?J!3H

2(9[:@R(V







MN!/KO)
I1
L
M.?5.1

M6J;SOEV`[!)=400I;0F;F(L`UM7ERUMF`!R%XWQ-DDGO=
[:^3P




VWZ@K\75$4ED?IUY]O3]E&BONW]^=7GYJ0O?'4VY\
MS3^^(UOIZ[W?(0]ET



M%W7S&40GZ-'Q3NBWPW^3WD7+-;O`%-&1.QZ)HV

M83
DM91-HO48SS&P83D44H)C^._[WNKZ[YUV/6%0V4+4/++6^D_/J-H.Y*^H
M7
WBOL(30E(



M.P2F\KQ!EN:*4&6;PAU]\JQ6F3OES@V+/%;LS&H6?KX,SMZN8WW2RDC\3I^
M6`DSZJFX\R:&M%^[;$=R:OXNB[)L4:-]M[4ATOBI?@`2])LLH9(5?3(91!I
M&Q)_ZJ1K'&3A%374BY-V1!K82IN!UUSNV_59]JZ5@^BW$^C\XT/Q-%$
CC


M-?RJ5VB^&%/`0+$W`HVDXMM`9S=T&#

MR@L!\KW&C9:C+-*




M/'XD]U0%]0J:9!YKDA9&'


M7[-%@I
8]2QIPW*D8Y'+IQ;414^]R@RR!'*S0-8P1ZC3*?5]_#)&(.X53$+[




NE%'HU3XU)8N'W78.R0I4U!N:5$+A\#RK2!K

[
8QCR9P&NV&+;K:7X^-]L.LM8BR80C]!.VI=XX
MOH@$QS]EM30#:*`&

MXBC2^8I'M



M7Q7T84WX(FOTS`[O(LLS!2Z_D[


N#F)8/
[Z2SED:JB6L)=
H+?EB+__JKPWKWBG-(TOC.Q8PS6
L(_;!





M'(7FG(V:'X

MJP?+]P+.RF*AS9AA:[S9

MA3#9BM9S9P^3:#T\OC;W,-W7`J2P4=288:K1O

M\Y1#D'TY?JBYL'J9)C8F\ZI




M_C[L8+=BF4TW=[09


MBBH_W]_'QS!:3R:H)$5`LT#X=(4




C1

GO@]`


ME\+M?


MOA[MTRQ)'VZGI8*.ZS
D!NAR#`BDG5

+QKW1L!7
M%LH:59D(+MI*8(G=P&WRG5Q^4#!4JH]3\^;6OY5.CE18S-'8Y[E+^0^V)[
MPS#$H3C[V'9:4C'U


!]I5!^4
-PO=^KB0'E
`;17=A?]7
J=UI:`%-L

M]TAZ79H

M1$#NMKK?7E.X&VJA626(AU)&9J8

TA0:TC.

M$Y$9ND0PY^&N\I/^27(K+PYE%5#L*5M1\T

P71


MBE88&ZZ]55$MO@
[6(=1293+A2.

M2

GVY;







ME^[B

JFQAN
M?+/G/C@1[9805:1RAK`:+`LC=L
-



6G;OJI.2)+:QH+'P6IB-%)




:.TKW
ASW!9N3_F



CG8*L5HD`Y=2T``5



&TU2X1U#%W/W`=
MHDRR4XZD=LB5I.?Q'0P+Y0*@1G07:0'Q
2)%S%F*:]CL&M$=7NUH!?SX_;MW

IRL/W!R?JIWET^'9_9W]OW%LZT97ZWBD`
M2H
N+Q[EUTIMNPI1#C
0M
.0OSH-DLRFF*85JI/M1=ENTH`P
9X2O;GP;W--
MLE
T]8HTGSI4S#E/JL`OO7'F`/S`E/26)1XOBWL:)+U((]\+UJHGZTQZ1F


FT7+`=?1SJ
*![
L;?9;?R*VU7YW8IK-
M$1@VGPGBV

L2=3[9E
M3.J;8S[&EJ#7(&_7@-#N`D)`O







==\TQUK'2'&
=W\PQUC')
M'&

MF/RI._:
6ZX--F2=+7GS;.?`2?C@RBA=A935-H_.?^+PY#]Q^/&?.+SX3SP^

M=%HZR/

`N+WA1H
MSC`+CX-9B!S
PN3J2E.A-&!8G87)U5G$N.HP.?EQP%;FBQSFBONFE@HI=36C






DK


.X&3

MIL

FPC


&NYK8

YF?C/^\VZPSF9^-`[_KJ#.9GXT'O
MONH*9I_$TMG

3FG//X.R3N6=P
M0G#N&;S%

M9[

&BT[DA
*B$SG9L.A$3D0L.I&7
M%`O/U!EM^[O'PC!U1MW^;K$P3)W1M[\[+`Q39Q3N[P8+P]09C7O;?U&8O*V_

M=4;CF7X4B\+4&8T/.Y/CP\YH?-B9'!]V9JH
.Z/Q-=\!94$J6.O
5EGKC
;7
M.K-5UCJC\;7.:'RM
QI?ZXS&USJC\;7.:'R]
QI?[XS&USNC\?7.:'R]
QI?
M[XS&USNC\?7.:'R]
QI?[XS&-SJC\8W.:'RC
QK?Z(S&-SJC\8W.:'RC
QK?


QH?=4;CH\YH?-09C8\Z
MH_'-SFA\LS
:W^R

:W^R

:W^J

MH_&MSFA\JS
:W^J

:W^J

H'*YV1




[3VAV)7-L5+^6_ASE)I#\;E=K
L7\KNO_=N$AP?!$]`/#[5JLE+




4V)R*:2E[,#65$Q&
M6LH.;$S%9*2E[,V5$Q&6LU(8%
J'J/`GE1

M&PGL1L5DI-6-!/:B8C+2RMF!G:@&%Y_3(]#

MFZ+9-]OJT%Z1;NF@95-^M:8IOAM[NE@].CK\M%ENU]9T%\O[LUX:P-Q3B(^#
MT#?'T.[OQ^Z?9J-#TTH_77RX+3Y0D&5F2\4N'6^4%IY@L%CI\O%%2[^4)!
MUI@O%%3







MFVF;$WB/STR4I`



MU/QJ*7D


IND)F$R]$S93B=@,D5.P&3:
MFX!RKK7$U/C!`P2N00
6D4)&`YX1&BJ'LACXB;J@MP$3BINH#'`Z)N*DZ
M`0=&(FZJ7L`ADH0;CI-$:*H%`4=


RYX;6R4EEMOVC`4Q]\G[3M8?F\NA(2+







4N-4B`8`X(HX
M
Y4!2&/]GO/2EWG.,F=!(E


M7WGE)#







M$-&#.)XI83


6I2-BZH0)QS.Z^77%^G#@[%J7',N$X1(7%
::]BJ$X



MG_J$BF953@Q-/6F
5NDD?Q@G3FZH;)9+\*E-J+$F5%+?!+@!@]7QNBXH#JJ'
M-FR

MPTVGCF963LS518N.\3829%#


MLX?R9EF&F%J&=RK`_D(
S3X)=NH9/LG#
(C8U/V[D+Q9QN'.WY%QZ#$PJ?--
M@1NCXOY34!04QY6XT/C$+
L8Z&C9CH%)&MH!U15.@DI-=E
4AQBA
P6[T0NY
WXA_OG'`X<9F<DP-R?,1
M:'B9D.SED#

MT)'`J*GEQ*!`:ZU


I0&\OW2.FDI-*[K!S;I
MKHI*''L'
5AB

MRSKDU#I
;!W$X





MVH/=`;QMFO[U@WMC='Z3]_@?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`^0`#OB`$






4I?MM2ZX6
M[!JH29N4[T&T@<Q=9Y)'W^M'K4*//,D#S[*S5[8%75!8G]<]E?KK?L*HF8*



[3C^_Y[D02

M/R^$B!JQB#4E%&J)%(A[UJ?70T2-:*QT&M(/)8T@C%&\0L.BW9U0I#GBLB
J
MHD8T!A.0:Z)0'8T(S`H-5.]I&#DFFK+

HP$]TP%6J^
MOI%7HBFS3(9SIPZ%1

)14$^5784HL&^[BD8.:0_


R`



P$'U?:?\!^;T0YP))%%*U6W6W

V!S/XO8USYP7KK2014BH
M.R`.+R(9BV(=DC^_'V^FQ-&&%3'+9
%#\L8UN5U^_K382O6L4\Z-`PR%#DEJ


FC^=.Z
MD(JM
JC[E8Y9M..N;CKTN8B4U#(Q+M!Y5FBWYIDW\X!IN8@%5(!M=Q1/0G)'

D

M1]AK==V*V*0A&?GN)!B
*



KE&`06T%P7Z?
MVU6PH/










J@U]

MFUD

M]$S`L


M`1R,PK3LM%X$T&@X-$XW

ML']^4(+T'`#K-`*X[`.X)CBC=P%@T?Y_!:S3&!V!.
=@`P'N+/%V\L13LH

DL/6#J



M.;




7*J5JSO%6=$'-;4;

T





F5J+5I.8EA'K.
M!-X0A=,%+XSL^B_T4AJ8OUI!7\!'#YSG@/@4DJSN[#S:_BO6/P!``#__P
`


!#^/FG_`?E[`?.6$(54[;INE39IFO;RV0&36`6


D


C()WA%%

O


M0-2\



M'S\L=D(^JYPQ;8&'2BWM7.MZ[KHJR5E)E2-J5L&33
B2:KB4&U?5DM&T
2H+

54<[</_-Z
Q&L4/NP`8'T48WP\;WH.878-@C$:(41'
M"C:K\*Y^`0VW_MKT%B-.(C@E:%+%/8J]7#-:!FGU[H5HK$80TV
(G(!M


M*V45+`-3SXDAO


\0A53MJFZ5-FF:




N@VK)-9@8T0]T9Z5YA;$.S.HF_[%?@N
MK8*5=%?K'V+_A?%MI6&Y(ZC(%+8LGFZ8RJ&C8./XD7'*10T`\&DUW&P-Z`A]



MF*`90O(


M`P!02P

M!^_^86+?B%Q)+4OC@IV'H-.:




DVO0G<]R8T<:


M'L+4^'LZ&[0DD&
L(DRC(0$BHC!1M`H]3/?CP?-2:W16R!LT`1B3(`0*(H1
M(HBI3^/9J#F!@$EXW/#+.F&#)A#)45H`@ADB@812^
AK)6QALT(0A/6-`
M$3*D69S&?I(-DI
^P`3^_S[8H`G#;$B`?4`1
H2S

-@SXVQ!_GM6
MVJ`)PU@D
J!HSQ!E63+S1\D)0_86!AMTSC#SS_J`(F0(:!RD6?K:I(0-_0V=
MZ*
F&/0



$%``&``@````A`)DX7G1P!@``



M:YL7L_)-779MW^Z'#92+4.A\SGF41U#I[G97PPRT[4%7[;?A/;OYH'@8W=T:
M@_ZIJZ=^]'?0']NG7[MZ]WM]KL!MZ)/NP$/;?M6AGW?Z+4B.9MF?3`?^Z()=


MYK-7E$E0D5F@A^+H;B[[=JG`%8-C-E?KT&V0U4?IX9ZKC.=6VJ
$==Y%Y7
MV89I&



:PDQ9N,X#)6!08HQ0N6#I]?^.
M`.DC0?-!
CK`@`@Y01D.4JM0(=`;#XQD:_S@&=-!.@)@(P`5(GB=*K4A(

Q6O+0
&&^_M


;(F

M2(60
N

L

M)6;FED


M:F6Z3GAQDR]P4X[F22+&W)1
*&ZAYHKPXB9?X*:
[1`D8LQ-QE22VHWLB-`'




GM1P.I&!

M


M285




OQYN);2E-JXP6HF(+^Y4I^W;Y\<-\)^23RAG3
M%GBHU
+.M:YGKJO2G)54.:)F%?RS%K*D&B[EQE6U9#1KC



P''(=+K*



T8@A'C@!EN


6EZTHS*3G#T
M3!8/^\O0V,U8B!='PR6Q46(HJ2((GZICVF



M4%8JMF;G
(]3=[?;A^[\9J/I_H!UI*8;]IW*#:^45;`UF'I.`M$E+C1XH47=

$%``&``@`

MOF5EM3K:Z(Z32G

MIKM@2G8`L1:-L

\P62W[^OP2?&N.KI&IU?:S%L57T7(H-K3)


F`@MG_KP5A:US'&=!.@WC
+1FAM[*QPD1FQCK)*_

M7L?@]6]6P:



-AQ'S&GS0


MZUN16Z^TYADK?9O
YK9%RX2E67GR[7_^?O[\Q;:XB





1Z]EDT(WM!5AZVKKX?AL/6QPC-^NH1ZQ)&UM&T




M\_$
?Q90.([
9P`?&1/=A3R]]G\_[/\'``#__P

M1M_


MB0I\VXF!

M\$F4]



^R;!2\/N8.EEVKMR.$!+=;R;]Q4LK6D@1*OQM$4/62*</Z:X?
'D?S@&.EW<'6:,=UT:H)L-1$&+$&Z9RT909_OUK?9-B9QM<EJKAF?X

/ZHV%;RQGH3S6MJ8?VF$JUY=9-LC)VD^F7;

*V
*FP`=L0O]#+F


\QP@6:V`7=JLTB9=D!ZEC)\V#U\SUT2]@@T)P-M/-F)'=GE



=
+W&
Z/_J?=;ZLN/OYV2ZY)_X75M$%-;5UHB

MK.#WPN%JA0&(Z7L:\-5QOZ'M?H'``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0-/?WK

M7VG_`?$^QMR-%7L4!W.1=J75:B_/!&






M&
2S!Z)Q2:6^B0NAF+[T+7O!BP^F
+^5IE;*\CTT#L&D=+?
CQX!5



R^])

$XLS%'ILKW

A\G\FDFP7#-'A)H9

2:D.90@Q'M]?A4I/D&/$


N.
1THW-%X3W;J(@'!(%89#B$64[B
G+`1%D
MV@[V''+9U#JA9A`M)=59


/0?=NX:WGSOX.$:7F``M\8GP$W@K3A5OQ?=J;[VQJ4ZPICAR@F4ZMA=






M2XO/`R/I\*D:H/_]L;GT@JVM[Z%KJ^[YY?*M)NT%*)Z:4S-\C*2VU=:+\G`F
M7?5T@KK?T;RJ!??XQ:!OF[HC/=D/
Z!S6$?-FA


R^@3#4Y00?@O]4V



M`4K9


UKF_9AJL




_IV.QR;^GE#P




M;]RT/1\%
=*VMHS'2%[



$%``&``@````A`$^V


O)


X-Z9
;AC?S
M8+J
3-+.M*-IUW:5/MT-K^SJDEO2IVMYMJL3.]!MW:3KT_KA[M#\&-%DI)$\
M?JS-U`YNR9DK&-OIKH3^7P51Z1@GC\;+_9CI]HX4ME_?TBX&[RG4IUPS9/

M`)(!R8$40$H@E20J);3\R)0

MU1%:/:[OB#'6'6$2=L6XDD3=B09.WLDL`Q$M!^=#-XWT'9F(.W9$AAMUHZXZ

L8Z*B:+?A`M




M\PM\C@T+1*5#K#6&
R2[H&HH]&3JU374-M2*U2&1(48TR+*&O%TQ[:VZ##ET

MD-@_&'G%Y(M[MHJ7W=3-&4+*S:'B#OG;L
%^BI=)Y
=.YL#G6'\J53912B

\B!8S3WKF


M.;49R3V#]:*

M)*.WZ(+
-KL$50IM:BZV#%&.J$!4(JH4TB$;N7=]R*PJY8`SDB%;=$%FA]:*
M-%
?

M68C2.


MF

MF=



MR2(K@)&L`(OF]-%7@']`DL;62IY/(

M&NS\!&BMM?!RJ*_V%2.Y/32)8`H1U0@*A%5NGX/







$%``&``@`



J_GB\5X%Z#_[]J-W_CWK7[N/OYWWNW_L


@ZM#&!YQAX'
M(V%4:A]H?$`Z`.

`:0)$N@@C


ZCS`*&O*7_G!'Z0

Q6TUW4_<V
M8&VLA($Q7U0U;FC\..F%&M1[!F!)

6X=0'4)-$D&<3=_J(7&80LEJ-3/^_A(



:;ST0
)XT.0\QR0!%`=0DT(209Q-['73W=33P;





M=2-WDTL0(TKMGB?7=F_BJ:5
\TN2-'
Z/!$E2^:!

M.

*$'P=FLX?)11W1O=.O;'62



MA\:#-!P/#



MI[(E








MW4$/?NZZB_D#;S!\%_[X/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`$CNY3JX`@``

M\`HW+&Z!$-F&:?L3M*C8)5I0!0KB0'^NNU[M`$O01.$/5TK*^H%#5`''C)


MD




*N31I*NYJP[%.F-.=CFF\?
M]



7``#__P




MXNZF+]!OF_;CZ/Q_=GSK/JK#YOF7S;Z%:L


6'@Y4'&@YD#C``LHPE`)4

M_D`0T8



DJ25E#G%G4UG;

V.EML_[RT($D@#.QV4(8/)H6ZP3@T*(9/O1Y(=*MEF7Y
LL#)C

C
;.

8XDLI]%5%/AI^II8?GHV
MU





M


E@1A$TB2
M)!8E&7)35$518Z*:(%1)F@::-?J&*!

MIA3FG@H



JJ2
M4$V0312I
-;




148Z.D$`^WRYF$89[R6I0RK)%031(TIBV+X
M




L;)@I^Y?5[8RG#*@G5!-E
$6Q!;HD;HDBA1
S)_J7?UOLD_I8B



?X`[U?TOA!S7UW`;$F3!\/OP^A[&(]]X


M02V&V_MW_P
``/__`P!02P


ZVT
M;K;0`/C_8+?1J0$]LOK1?KYOGDZO#\







M_ZIK4U\;MY';%B^13-IY$$V#/$J9*'K*6^ND(;`LG-]0[0Q;0B2N$O&W?D
M3C!P_IWT

M4C!2


)_,X4*^L4:M..T]ONU[GF?JJ75A/KYOUUV4#\4-G
M]P)<2#U979NTF?(O+[U#(*!?/-&QJ$1DK<WIIY4M$&77
Z&`(M+R21JD
MH^3RJE\^&,7J(WG:JWKK_K][%?=_/U,1^;UJ$,G!:1R4+45DK%*WZY46Z6'\
M_A@G\31.DF#1%F@$ZG:V2.OGI)1%*+5(YU$:!5(5D:*]=5,]$_&QB+7I)RC

M.5'H


O4&TVX!5Q]S8EYY6N0G
NDHNI4*I+$GF4;##
M542*=I4N]KQY]DM[L?Y.(GA\8I'?6\9*#YM+P/`84J!C!MM,9\4RI+3RB2^6
M1$'7S2#6[H



MY*\%!D&GNO%CJ(P-RLRQL^^1(UI`XZV.Y$B%.CU;L7]S$GUR4XW96M
:TR+7

M*SW'ND5_&L96H*.7-*752DR*?)J



XS*$BRH%0J=$4!6O`PP
TZU()R5S\_A1^Z





9B1O%(-':KWLG47!Z+JV3.Z
)CF37@DXG




M&GU0GGV0^;P$2PT*9GQP/
N=E1W&`M'Y
2NYD^!(?JBCB!.-_J9J#+Z%9V-O




T[


M%%Y))_^4/O*3W@EABOPC7-/VV)XQPB^JNV[`JV&+P/ZKDKS0
0=A]HM7E@
M&UY)4FAU6TP$5Z6N],%&+\/O/[TN?V92^QA;WV2]CN'F?3G+W&8:8WV9
M0)OZ.
&PO=V]R







MS81!L
V/QCT<


#383QR+$$Y\6(2*:/(-H
MH_$








VKR]I(&6E133D
ML[+2?:;`@7ICMOM!?AN*5E`+6CY-1E/'3=RYL?63=.B*9^5Z=I\`TLZ-VS(
MK;%Z[X/&VJD3(]+HL8M63IVX3R76L39M:09]U!-EY)F#
7_`RD_+2([J1S\M,5
M%1$.9,U#RD]IE4BD)$H9XB%KQ==_'Z#6[#K],D!$0S;(T13.KH]PH#G.&Q&^
MLLATB@L/6M:(2`J)E$76U=ECTAI)10$O2-V3%B,<Z3'9..J'-&M]F!\D7V]

M/_297



M%]CCS8H&Z)^R^&B4WZWF7'TD=7GXK;P5$&W($\G`6U5])J+9@2`8/$:C8YJ!

F[&
MQ\%5C%N



XPC&*,(HQ2C!*,<HTI-649_05
MY`W$HR\@3W;)5)'A.FLY].?WPNRR^$0ZI*&4811C%&48I1IB$]&J0]&%RG
M'FLFU!4FD)IM+B51B*4BC&*,$HQ2C#(-Z?X]U7)XN.7@R$BIV65)*9E2IDO)
M<H2E8HP2C%*,,@WI+C_5A7BXQ%(YF^'48A1A%&
48)1BE&F(=T_TAT

M2RB/5O)!F6S%BV[][3CRI


E1!Q*7_./DJ-_)EG=JQ506




^\XQAX;8QT)1JFA=C*:+J(7
M8TUGVC@]1*2)&EY&K.72RH@C-40
D;S(M1@8O78(YX&HC!CR`QHAWUB7
1Z1

$[;=^=*=RA+R*F


6W!EW1L&I\#T_%;_G]:F\-=:E







MX0TGDM3Z1)A


+TFYESIIN=N


A)F



7(A





R



MM_2BZ=RUMVE:`&^/25L:


M4BVGJ[79R3H



M2@BH095C%.^KG+MM494C'MAD^+Q*H




M\FUF9Y.C?1LB]9B2D?-D:F$9D*M627S#5&#R.7E2T%KBVKD'NLPT
*&7%_




M&77PLI)F)+WE/E_MWY793VL.5&E+@0(UJ'*
5-KR$7F2.3@E8IA'%
KQ1JY2


MUNDS4K-OC3K^(:(Q@3E&R/I&R$]OE1VI$YW0?)-/,A!U!RC%3YXR-2^5O
MJP7\\06C/*)0#C=ZA_+A#NS::5XXS5J:-)2UC*2UA$SU
UU%/2-5?#'YEMX@

MI8Q371`A5?P(J;P$U/!:0N40M8@Z1!Y10-0KI.[GR@XXX\X


SR
MOCQZ-QDB32)2]R]O45:9DF?':U:I1-S/&]GN!E4N+U\ZMS8C;OAFE^NIW?6[


CQK7*
WSQ(J4JF<

*B'J%=-+9@6.\=LUYICM[E5&
M,M-(I5N_N7VPPH$JTW#*0)5#U+J$'E$`5&OD#8KM?''E[
YCPO2+$;2+$)F

M&GI\R:


M%!C%LQJY2KT*U
F:NGKI[2MW-D\B
ED924

M0-0KI)U)K?4;G*%.7*4:(^D
(5/S[).5.:E4J@%J4.40M8@Z1!Y10-0KI
U*
M_;


M$76(/**`J%=(9UUJU=_@#$\)LG@QDLX0TK?HPCY9F9-*F44HOJ]V__`350Y1












UHW35Q%Y@!SU6R4QC)#
-50Y1BZA#

*


+4XBL_
M&963NEX14M6/D
I15HD)@@.%RB%J$76(/**`J%=()V!JT*4SIR4@M?G*
$;2
M
$(Q`7.&UM*MM8);
-5(X#TQM:]ADQ69ONMV55?&M&^OJJZ;J*7\ZW-L\C




LCU4)*1
MR#!$-:(-H@:10]0BZA!Y1`%1KY!V)DT(

MB#:(&D0.48NH0^01!42]0MJLU

1
L29DS#(/-:^+JIBU#\QH@ZH&


M=




MW.2'1M_49=?V[7Z8`9U%)ZK''%JA!4P/JUT-$6#9C:[:K\U'M


3?


MZMUP7)NN
W





X
D6E0

V+VP]/VE
MP+4`+8&
9QB-=

MV'(+G

6MB$@CP;J)(^$JX(3X3/G@J.'!8S]Y4(8(@XZ(&'$P
MRB+-`U)#G
=MY;&Q/#A#IMVWU9!(0V(-230DU9!



HU


ZDZ@#%#KN7)$]'WF`65(
07MXOV3$6M:
0X)H#')@



3JD.91QB//
@
M5%(OYQ:$1\X0?(8+@M!F;8;;\.%8E\^;%A898KY28%Q81Z+`(Z*-`!S5/+4W

M

ME$N0O

MD`=ZCWKI9S?^PH`5\@):7@+/GE\I






M_P








W]P0)


M&

0@2$R0A2$J0CYCAB2P%JC2S*^

MQ`1))(2)-(KB-&5:P5TQ;8UZMBP695`@G50^2(H^J
!)SQ+-[WIVX*X'
MR?N5-1$I?*-G:VU*D`R1.O/),E%2C\2HV:PSO2:6;!9LTTFCGBP(S59@T:
M3L2#75,3)$(E!,H+D.F(4:D-'-[W2/MHL54):K0*!ZP7ZYO:1V-1]CHP


1!:=RI2%[=;391%[NRZ+@'19.(3
$IIS


MVQ19-6


:$K4H#TW?E-)G


[REOTIH2LB=8D'.GDM#Z$F0I]7)0KA5IS,1%:@/)+&$E$42`<%%SL54
M1JG$3$(J,3<2S?I8DZS5]S&+\$[;L(B`]+(YI&V3D<,A#]K#84K1#E9&!?RK
MPLH/;-<CIB'LJ<Q[E3V348(=WC?7*_S-(A=!?.RF@*RU?47`:0TL.U[QA&0

MR(-(A%O*N1!1**900J&40AF%V

_^C$

/:AKCOY!PQJ.?Q#@;O_`0``__\#`%!+`P04
M``8`````$`*3
@!J

M_\_?GQ\2WVN[XK0I#O6I7/G?R];_\/SS3T]O=?.EW9=EYT&$4[OR]UUW?EPN
MV_6^/!;MHCZ7)_AD6S?'HH.7S6[9GINRV/1?.AZ6



E1'I^

Q5[^?G_H$_5N5;ZWS?Z_=UV^_--7F]^I40K:A3J8
M+W7]Q4A_VYBWX

MLEU#1B'



M-%217Q2F%(`W




MCY7J!;DK$$F4IF
$0F9
S9D8M[O1B#D9VT49:J9+B9\A=90(X6Q!`I52*#/&





M0&9%MLAZ_1ZZ+C^D@8^
9E$CYYE[OT:N8NDG5`9D7(%P5:*
V6D!/)0RKC

S*`_7\7C:G(J76#AIIHAFQ#N;\7:-)1H
M;*!AA@C)VC2SHEN#YJ:$\IGQ/Y\/S8(TB=.&V0213:%X&E!$HVMVFMRJA$2

S^O^8VBXFYB


0[')FTG7&22
O41H=AN6$TVB9`B_#X:BDPR:'TQN


MS(J`81-0]D7NQG2D+YF


MHS1GT.S]#)Y4]


$%``&

M;6R4F5UOHS@4AN]7VO^`N&_`?%


M^=
1^OV3.7EQT1Z^O).OJZ)MNF;?KT#.P$#?]SDT0@.4'A]V%?2`VZZUY7ZM



M`/C4ZHJG!CB2_QRN;]6N/ZQUVUNYOFDSP+6GLNN3BDOJ6O':]4W]'T)LE$(1

T/:7]P+(002N5Y'%

K[_/&A;=XT

M8CR9V4XQOLQ$4TP@
_$4$\I

L&XILRD4PR3F6R*L:Z




M.:R8:*O)B




H9DDW-)(


ZPDMDTHR
MDRK9K(KL)R_ZE_N)6P393V46WS!RI[&ED6A$QNQS8.O)E-4KEI`[-L4D])U2


M?=/TER_\Z/-Z)/WX/P```/__`P!02P


4RPW<,Y),8BCF`KFB6W9?VHJE!.3/*(699^
M['LP7$(KO*[Z601O
+VI3IF?2'&CMB8-PK3,N($`!OPTU[D/CSG\2&K
@



AT$E2%!#VUQ

M#HL0D


E&Z6
.GJXPXC@Q-A_RAJ)PKA&W471`O5?A9K3
M9'


`4$L#!!0`


M^^W_!2`3R





#:0C7.@WW]/90.L&_TLG)NX/Y


M)7)GB=

MM


MUAHV=:O5!G7E\S;\I?;2T)6BDKSSY;`X.@AKW+7:='(W;7@GJ)O
0^X*LNH6

MBN6L)MYP%':0HUKY]&QUPON9#@(3_$SF8=D29/TD-
XM\AZDG;+U(-^=.#I)






M/4A9=(0_1
.*O

9J2W6&2HWJP-8T-6H7;\_ZERF#]V^&4%!+K%-66U0&A
MD=&:T2FC



P/]]@H+&4+8&JR(AMRL7+39-YV




MG4
F?ME29+QA-#9DI]F&M?0HU8K]


Z+_@EZW1$_J2S6%4%M



Z8]0)BB4S?WD4-3D


MU8K1Z)!7:%KU/)%2:67AZJE6=GJ2U9JM3AF=
3IG=
'HDM$5HVM&-XQN&=TY


-
RJA98BISSE*Y15I:%MSH5==]
M;L@


M&*8.
4P=8I@ZQ#!UB&'J$
/4(8:I0PQ3AQBFCF4A#:9M(889[R$J:X&&Q&*'
M!&Q'P64[Z.C4$3.D13

$S
MRX)2L8KEM-I]
W/`W8YX1JS




C6!RL2@LC!]HL(L
M/M

66EK\6BE\8Z7CLN7M9VC5U5MMFO
MZVK368/S


(D[OB0&IJ:F)06K?V_$B
M_U^L@&K5_(#4U!ND]KUU?8/4MF60.AZ)=F6UG&5L$=1G=[G%H]AMR^IBX5=H
M89*'77$@-;6$U

M8CZOA;5)N

M6F&IL!C5PAU$9)28M2T`5!-6;O5`M9.9;!S=J%X0;5J;U0C!M4J4]46R-:



F&86Y)?FX


MN!9:$WQA^





4A
M#!(3@\26!8GC7FI759`]D).XL)#8[:BJ:V\U
XE-#*H3@^K$H#HQJ$X
JA.#

M/EX?6-GV[*N!&1*[LX]G!HG)#A(3@\3$(#$Q2$P
$A.#Q
0@
3%(3`P26Q8D

4A
#!(3@\3$(#$Q2$P
M$A.#Q
0@

M$X/JQ*`Z
:A.#*H3@^K$H#HQJ$X
JA.#ZI8%U=.A9TIBET.2NQNNSWYUB2UV
MC2&QB4%B8I8&0F!HF)06)BD)@8)8&B8E!8F*0F!@DMBQ(G$XX4R0N)R(O
ML9R2_(K=[CWJBEW-3&(3@^K$H#HQJ$X,JA.#ZL2@.C&H3@RJ$X/JQ*`Z,:AN
M65`]'7JFJ%X.25YU82V)L7800V(3@\3$(#$Q2$P,$A.#Q,0@,3%(3`P2$X/$
MQ`Q

M\
4ZQO6QR8\JGA`;?;2QK:;*;&R$&=''@=FZ
A^(=@LS*W=JS%2YLPX[-ZP%
M8A%_3G!AS+2[RPZ[


^T.L2&&V!!#
M;`KKQB:=SZ;$IISG7+W19X[V!0['QMBB(TP'YM0EQ;:J97C]@00VPJLV*&

YZ
M4\(E9T


!;4P-Z$70YBJ

-O'E

1PGP6JVSL94CJ5(5_JK)N?A*8(A#2U/\EFAD!4.]M=


M


-]
MR(2YD!5FI@Z6NL+PRS*]
H2LL/2;KEIS\)L3?^
=(9/N7
VI3;4[A*PRVUTH




M!
1^GQ&0#ON


@26&*!)#%(DA9
00'V*(#S$$@QBD
MMRQ(GT[J5OH=FQY]3Z*3N)SVW:T2L0O3
!P7

JI


6
M@E'
MM\_1^T3

M

@2?89`4E(R!)]AD!2;+/$@2.T)(DG17
M8EN2[%LZR]T-GR7VJTAE$YB2`EBB#\Q!)L8%G%BBPQA)$8PD@

2.&`!%#


MLN!:JBU37)-:Y%P3YEP3YJ=G/(C
Y:6GZ?EJK;3-PU84%U!Z@QDN*EQ`*D%3






MW

MG


3Y+8/&LYS(

M:0HS5CA5''

:1P85Y@RX+`O6)W


M[M0Y83Z%#]KY0JI)


!$@?Y)V1KC&;G]I_Y$^ZT4VE?OT62_+4EE-G_5F2JIB^`QEJ^<++@?]:X`


?')=*Q/
L\?G*$?
1C
]#;^_K1RP_?_7[_R\/-_?
O

A`;;+(&'*0\VM3'Q(;@



:(G;:3XW63Y+5:#$K0H



HU]L\;/*81QL)

M(RI/=K'


V$+T7Z'\0=-_(LJ0H




M^TX_2*7/$MK/#7@K.D(K.@:C.N\
/GW`T+[J8GMNS[0?NYB2Y$1VBOF:C#


M8PV
H'8!!(32$T@



GIQBY`((3%$H2D
D0DJN(


O11-Q+@+8T_&(H@+$_B!ZWK!




]=8W%REUF1SH3A7=9OP&M3
TFQ]
MM*Z0A.:#(%L
11B*
91@*



MNZX7611IJNL$I(K


M]*$9$D(;+)91VI;VS4)1.DCXBU]S8C9Y(CF(9)_-**N/:M[W]'^&[V\5:RI
M%RBOGK7S5$!C:;]E/S%9(3)$89B#482C&482C7(#UO6#4S[SF\%\FWL.N?
M3QB143MP*(`K=K/%QC&V((


M_P


_@5U@L9C=/;N)







#O[XY?;J1M_@
QOZ\W;=
UC_T$S$W%

L/'\\O;OA`?JWKMX[[?^C[KEYS]IZ



W#

8Q)=92@B4R
M
QO;(+%!:H/

M&V0VR&U0:



]8L*F5TCF:AT%<<.!



M$L3S/-]198HW)*D445H91;E$PE`4.J&5:(64X';

@
MTB


M#B(]5@+IAQ!*^6QEY#W`65CA2Z14R&



HI*@QD

^]JNGDTF;I0F1M



MTN
D$*R9=9&Q0`.D$121XD*!6*WS`ZIZYE**+9SBZRG9NV3]W4#--F[$ZT

44)12E%&44Y182#3;];(67O+#2:PO%=V

M/-H`2:1/`*4X

/2'==_?;(G(Q^C(/B

M;\`8W.E/!
L!QT4#-AV4X#.08_E4_5FV3_6A&^VJ1UBX&4_:5GQ((G[H\5=:



R]==TUMFQ075.?$PE?4

ER\UJCI.$F+



M@?XIT8V


M)`O*
C
A.B@*`M7^-O?C:&J_0846PF:IV[BRQ:JWH.5(:3
56*O`1@6V*K!3
M@?T(L$&$00DHTU^@!&6A2O0Q+'O@+HVGA-U;]$
R%5BKP$8%MBJP4X'])#
MA@[[!6%3%BBA2*J`6`YT*8S&9:*8K`:300P-66O(1D.V&K+3D/T8D22!]6(L



?;CY\I38WER@=R[

MLBH
W



0J:
%\&?%]_KD8LS$/5=O1V0^_P:]4ZB=I/8

CK53J&\Y2;





!]7


[XR7IB;N]N*`O\[3A@F_E!.@L
M$GH9<V1%%CM%ED.$:#M1L.V2_/)F:^=T+16B]:@GSD[BK/OAMCSXU]-GOV=


1Y+W]/.:9W_-:3#Q0WOJ`-S8

^)3%:+AA\-J!K8
M4]0)UJ`S!^939*2CB_6S4%&)'EEJ49F@9$(2`_;ZN9'RVL-_`T59CX$N


!\CJ-$/FYQNNNGZ0@&*5@%E!;3`O`W6ESM7W'$`
A8-#M0A`\$$(+


O@GL4(5A7-!WF(29
TH*P\#SPW(6!
\M7%U2,&
MVNIN-TM!.O:O.'.


M?:D=__^Z_'A[,_]\_'^\/3^/+BX.C_;/]T=OMP_?7M_ODS?[7.SXXOMT]?
M;A\.3_OWYW_OC^?__O#___?NU^'YC^/W_?[ES'AX.KX___[R\N/F\O)X]WW_






-YAHL-$@T6&JPTFM
MP4:#K08[!UR:-,ESQ:3__R)7K!N;*WR5/S&0Y*GXJ=-FY9T-.AJ$&H0:=#3
MH*_!0(.A!B
-QAI



M'VOM]X=(K287#E$'41=1BAU$/41S1`-$0T0C1&-$$T110CFB&:(UH@2A`M
M$:T0K1%M$&T1[3SD9:Y=P)V0(JFYGR.
:J81I\;5\XQ
Y]1M
JO(!*S#RKKI
M@Z-L^
HN*[

M5VK(NJ@*$46



M$/41#1`-$8T0C1%-$$T1Q8AFB.:(%H@21$M$*T1K1!M$6T0[#_FY8^?M;NX4
MU`\W1VB:[^9(ADS]D`1O7+?T#.WXGE))P#4110BBA#U$/41#1`-$8T0C1%-
M$$T1Q8AFB.:(%H@21$M$*T1K1!M$6T0[#_EI8Z?N)Z0-S?3=M'DEA9`'7MH
M81=_8M5%%**$/40]1$-$`T1C1-$4T031'%B&:(YH@6B!)$2T0K1&M$&T1;



M_83@K;FZ*0AQ
IC-0$B&S

+@W=;]







M;+N:6\G[):`N6H6((D0]1'U$`T1#1-$8T031%-$,:(9HCFB!:($T1+1M$:

M()HBBA'-$
(5J\X4V&N4;E!MUTUM2;ICM6IO7)

^[7=Z=BMJ(G

MS:FYOT/
B`M8P8D2F;BE&51XHL0JN8%#1!&CU^LP6XB?/J(!H;PT81A#5DEI
M&B$:@R.(;(*J*2/I9

-HBVC



625U*$1HC$X@L@FJ)HRDA[%




:.2@MAS%DD?A:$2B)+661+1&MP!%$MF:5-+]!M&54

IO^YIY7-97
M=5DE=VN(*&)44F&I=?'39Y&@`2'I$(0Q9)6$

MR.8L$C\+0B61):R2R):(5N`((ENS2IK?(-HR*JFP;F1^PMK3K!
2E@Z_W(1E

+\=-'-`D=0C

625%*(1HC$X@L@F

MCV)&7&.+

M/HYR0L:FYOZZBQ'76!.&*@5M

MT8)026@)JR2T):(5.(+0UJR2'FT0;1F]7F/9(O7C9ZP]5WC[K
!\;QUD+*&\
MQIH/1_N+_C:IO!JK5

M4HA&B
;:$48V0=64D?0H9E168R&T.:O$T8)026@)JR2T):*5=H2AK5DES6\0
M;1F5U%@W

M:X@H8E128[.FW-U8%HGK`:&\$&$80U9)(1HA&H





R54'DY

*3EYFW)Z$
\?V%FPEX22(EHA6B-:$G'`VA
K#V9(5A5.IULQ7+OG[
M3#MN+HW&SU)[R%!6;-_VC4NVB[K:$I)L:[.5H`ZB+J(0482HAZB/:(!HB&B$

&G
M_5%?\^7#'][E./O%X4_5^HW]+@KC`EYIF%?2YYST*_7K&YNT!9K&%?^`L=94
MSNF`P6:BOG1X^S[!;2F:C3FZ\@*-%6C




<Y^
M%3K[GQ?Z!8W/AQ?S8\ZFLIC?AC6_WKTWO_IT=6$6Q%\/AQ?^']M`_GO@'_XC
M`````/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`?PRT[A!```\A(``!D```!X;]W;W)K







6*4``'^M+
'2@(A$[_KSDNRK$_PWGSS



M#HF.L(BJ:+LNU

#2D8




M/$8L%G@:NU='U'%YR$CB+`-)X/D/%P'9[)[$H&N@)AXV4H9WIXZH[7(FDCC3
M0!*X4==
_:W+P];)`/0Q:PGL=TBHXW(2WH1UJ83:N?'@B4YBT9FZ-ZH'.RJ#



;*K*
;AQ(?
MV^AX3&JZ')
DCCF0A)ZF:0MFG+!W


5-\`U.^GF2R.



M:&5E='

M



M7G@31(ZG@+[X5+9=7F'(Y6+[TG;U\1\B*0Y%03P.`I\?#^)S$/CD(.K]
X$Y








7%@LWQ
)]H9YK


D(2MY^O[RAEY6S.0\CJ``@J'#4+2=A(
M6?7]*LMPG%1'B*F.$6%9:)66E$BF98QXK

M%I*E'D)


MC&/%AG

C=;Y=MG7@\B[R%.1

M4+A(`Q/M8AA:1377@WB_!9=MQ-/\0Q*Y#3`E$B0D
B1MM!Q)%;-
&PD:;(RF

G&3
?^DBGO.V1*BVW;[:?M[4L($@UV8J#:YNGV8/BCL%4RM!0BM!



MW_(
5^.]SVO40.M!P6Q,^Z)7L%&,0OS7S_7658\CAPM,IUV13*!20UXOEO

M%EWH9Q3V=?K1K:5JPP)W1H;UR?M;X19:-H?&!UD;W^F::!+V
N


1U;+

MIA]H:9YV

MG9LN]1SFGF1(F



3E]
M;!ZNGSZU&F+Z#(GI
^;`*6+LOXE93(/IH5G]0[@E

MC=M8BL5^XGJQW'V

3A^;





MUB_X]@U*POWM`-.K06C_U]BEPX:WK[C!&JO)]$H*5]+9*U`+U]GLE1RN8.&8


%


M\(*U_W

+RBO_\7``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````





MG+&Y%YHE1^]L-!*)84=%(@ES5ZX2A^A&J;9
Y2$U*R)3MBP-#AF^U]$!VMI\


B#('9)I:E$2U
99+P`

(X#2-FQ]*4
M)F4KKT[MUHGR/

MF./T
MY;UDBR-6#]_

MCHN0;&@5UT
!$
E61+-8`V)G1H$#'9:_NXBES[8X#P4S5DF
T%Q3-4*C:;W2


\G6K2'.A)=4AIPOB9.VTL(V:)HR'%)G#,/
M%,*P1E$0PE`4R42R([#T1U4^5
4VLU-IJQ6XPQTK:(2Y7Q5=/YTK(*0K8I)



I2)%Y/]
M894/U03I2C+(
K^MV-_OMA45^^9KHD
B2$SS6
.)/
;K
MR'0UL72A*!10RRW4$&7)RI$SI=$1TZ[R:J^H<XB6Q(



MMU!#E`F;J%@X7Q
=(AU-$+(U
K^=&J+X7@D_%68'MIO:+)404@9
MU/(*#[
CRWB%(%SA(


MEB#;)297VBYAZUW@0/#2*`D.1)?()

D9#9MB#/A

!#PA='MCZ0^K?*@F

Z:C%4*V5@BIIF=:

$_@

WP=PHN34_S\^AZNWR^TSJ_A62O@*U
)

:X





SV5NS_+8P%JPSS)&7BNJF_2--])


I4P



1C-O


B1F2

N!

67RR-E2$9(_%F`27+MTHX$Q0PE]?J8

0UF8D'B2CHB
PMIA]C[
M
^H


M



:64@9TUH*+!:11H2=ON..91P*.50






M0ZBLAH(4E

Z=4@YE%WERY(0%N:EOAEV75F8#N8(H


MAH(\:4;:T3V,%QM;YW\%MB$-^1PX-$6[GUEW-EA


M










M_P





9HPB\HH@WN5HLYN'5

4COG4=9D




MS:N-7C^2$C^ALLTOR=(HM

MM-[(9(BT8M+^;.[[87C%I5



MWE

MQ3(JD4A)E#+$\]/M%

PIK-C!8.HKXY'#_N_'D6(2'6L)8HE
M2B12$J4

L13UHT6
M2?F'.E-/BS@G*B+JA$%\\L

FM/$34*FS@X&3HBR9TOH^)
M<.\WRW6%NF[AJ_WEZQ]:[AL2.ZZ6415;JO%54BENENS5BU3O;H^GMFV(
M^DMZ]`R"K+F18C87F&B(IE5*1DBAEB.7G?ZCG;*/YK&(3#LBWG.&SM<T


M[*6Q')A(I`9II6P@]TBW2*Y'^L(&?[
!F0FS$%&SL!6#HY*4BGLK@EIDTU\C

M1T3T!$'$]A;1@
8R*I%(290RQ//3/=_P_$R'2$](W4GI_.BT&Z07*UDC3H
3
MX4!V@IB!!





X[7]W\.A5#C\OSR80_%26
MC7VC/Z![F.O^?P```/__`P!02P

UD^</<WGU5Y`UN\:DS@
ZDB:HU
,7TCHX4@@&&PJH]-^!GYOM




M+0=A;HV&(5.*[?.CYP#EB$D:\*RU*$V
$4+
M=G];!;:[

M00G0I08:M@,PB-(Y4]1`Q#8AE(95@9T
[&7@
`&$LJ&O?D+9A`4LY`L.
M\

/I4DL^;G`2+T\B0@+?O
MEB+.N/3'I*P49[?OR,=RY;,FK(A(^U.0?8*B=1N!S:DST2HV8:-Y.-%]]%B
MU0,TYK=ED`.K*9]PV.)KHCO1=FA+T8E+


0[Z;`9J*2*/`/&
C:^*K]UHW2^/<KP;P;;P3GP0K2%_]1^;(()7#.`F9X)S]#4[H]^R





M7K[M?W:?[S\/[Y]VYG2;B;)3\&F__\.:]CY;9


M;S@IOBL7*[7Z



MJ_T!;G[CS!;

`C!
M
`2C$(Q#

*K-[93+O<
J




MR*


MB1



MO5EPS5UL9/YL^;JV;)UDIT\(RLQ
1;A!X2S\
A
-RJQ4*@::-FDZCI2+:8/I


[RH[A7:/R%\J

^HP&C(:


+)/TBPX$_.4'LM(2U`!*MXG
M:4.E6WL=15K.M

MF%43()
SZ=I%P4YA)5LFE4(AV.V\AH4&.V
T%Y03[`(J#7;):!4ZXF#74.F(

MG













M%T`KHD5^^79(




MH[F@G


8`ZAT?1XR&I$CBFS
J@F0#G(*]';G@86*9HSF
?#J,N4$[G<8?R[WD@4M=]03EA#*#2]7G(:$2.*+(QJR9`.J(I4$[GH<AF
M$*F?N:<R!90:61+1BMR1)&MH=+#;QAM@7(Z#T5FBD=2)E
\S)!M?@&T(EKD
MEV^'!/
9

05P





:BY-E1ZLCJ

M/SV(%/4%I0/B
`90Z0(]9#0*'7%D8U9-@'1$4R#TGECU4&@SJ-317%!.:`NH
M-+0EHU7HB$-;0Z6'WS#:`J'W1*J'(C/5XYB?V8T(0[KY=JV('1+
MT.&^0PI
MYEBV]]@GMT=4CSSH]:M'$'J/.:7!$MDL.A-3_WA`U!*4KH?54CU8?MI0Z?+3

*G4T
M%Y03V@(J#6W):$6.*+0U5'KX#:

]3CF9W8CPI!NOEV:;UK5YF44

[V_1
M?8^@G-Y#HA[[Z0M*%V@.8P5+M!#1B-R1)&-634!TFG0'F]AT*;0:6.YH)R

QN1%@SPEH1UHXP9)A_C&[&
M+MM[[+/;(ZI''O7ZU2

M

_$9*4TS\^QY2U<MA[X%*E[$.
MHR[0V[T'%NJGQZ@O*%V@.8P!5+I`#QF-R!%%-F;5!$@'.07*Z3TP4=6
T5Q0
M3F@+J#2T):
5.:+0UE#IB#:

&28

M%^CMW@




3

M*_YA#Y!^!=3'_Q
```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(025\J.P


!!]K]1_0'Y?P$7
M$H6L=KO:ME(K554OSPZ88U@9#N;W;_OF`D0V&2;)`^$RYESSHS-#
O;ER)W
MGKG20I81H:Y/'%[&

31AI4)RV7)(_+*-;E=??RPW$GUI#/.
MC0



^!?9Z+2#5L1GT-7
/6TK6YB651`L1:Y
*\U
6CT;<YS;^X!TVJ9,C`
MEMU1/(W('5W<TX!XJV5=H#^[_3!N:







`[?63^U'?A;


@C3.
MYHL;O(0849O@(]5TLY+BY
'4`*=JJ)E!L@3/Y\PPCB[7L50A1^/DWGA9^W/?


X'_G98S6/B3356N1)%TBFIB
MR(RT%1^I)@S8935O8S=&+GOJL/FS`Z3WST?E'DVA=\8N?Q9YQ^S1TS//Y(_
M#.7'\S=&+O_
X4=



M:#4HOHHAZ,P203)%15,716TH'X4QJ9QDA*:S_R[27ET(+Z$**Q
DQ20W)%
M#M

U4E7U


G!HJ


MQ)

2L;-.JS\!E9RY`LO@S(+W
7!&T42?TB1]
M-1`L!LRPRWG\&G,(,0QK:*44\(GJ&M+A-[Y04SP4+_;?R.+83?F_0N<T9:7


E'N7HOLTJ@B579.&^!?G_)K;:H5NR'EBK3Z_'K]



MH(BZ][P
E@%4VJ[W.=P!RNY5V6'C/X4K
9GXP78M!?HWS]YJ\K]7G\JW7ZI\



4;K*^ICCKPQ44-EHJ

.^;.?C^3KX`J.XTS'/;DS((Q(3@4.&904!
M`N#;D@;-?P!IK(*D37?/!K!W$748F@B3(@C`&,+@_@&6`4&9L9T77!.SSJ(


T-$)H:`1\D*BR
MY-()'01/A`T*K;Z

ME`$S)AJRW2:A`PD+477B]JGCY-`N;D[G+2Y4G44-(U;P9+0@02#.`$T14(`
MU9F.(^^IK6W4F8*FL*%&


%.)TT68)
MW3MZ:5.FG!3$]'(@$5*($8AZW/S[)IBLQ-U=0QW!.JOIQ$:U@C&(\T4G'BQ8
MI'V;*8A*I@+09Q`AUWOSUBD6OJ&NJ(TED*)S;*BJ)J02)`G--#IAZYIJXA






1



P*3'S^



.K?C9QS)/CR$!OBJV)
1
M`E?XA-?7`@


MCZ:\PM


`4$L#

M=#
X+GAM;*R:6V_B2A+'WU?:[X!X/P'?N$1)CD)\:4MGI=5JS]EGAC@)&L`1
M9B8SWWZKW=5V71CB1.=E&'Y4%:[JZJX_CF]^_['?C;Y7QV9;'V['P=5T/*H.

C]7ZL77:[R;A=#J;
M[-?;P]A%N#X.B5$_/6TW55IOONVKP\D%.5:[]0FNOWG9OC8^VGXS)-Q^??SZ
M[?6W3;U_A1!?MKOMZ6<;=#S:;Z[+YT-]7'_90=X_@GB]\;';-RK\?KLYUDW]
M=+J<!-WH3KGY60Y@4AW-X];R

KI?CD5]LMS3=\O]J]6'9;9![&^5V




MR
M%L(PB41/E4RAB'&%MJ(I;4C=6E@`4]:?JTCKRPGA$*H-(=

1B5#/#\KI8;GYX07RP\1776'Q&`1$B`-G!6=+!KE&A4:&8U*



04@K05Z@_]S*
+ZYY[F]ZMT
@@

#$9T?#HEF





4GO5A<673EP<%(EHKAV`?^C



MA;H2MT%6W@JNILM(]-I#;]-7&8/38:M0KAT+C8Q&)4.\.$)ZOG.P=@K37_DJ

AJ5#+&UCX2V')X]:LI^@5=M+@(S=Y9V8.M
MVPJ)_--ABHZT,SS&QO1=!G&D;BYDGNCOJ

MLI@6X;2\A*CV@9G!6?!+&\&8R.5((C

#J=!`Z14
:'@D^ZW7AF)]!8O%96CI%:O3
*4+S1]D!$=X)#;!0X
M!%?KIT

MFM&F_F:?1+7*HZ/XE&RXN+Z';X
5%I_`SX=K*];U)_!D[7W;.=(#GKAM];'D
U+[[/P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`-=K2/AF!0``QA,``!D`
M``!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

A
M8-1TR'-2JO5'L_I8!J@E&2/N;?[^?8#CYF6[1V7CI-45]AE\N.[=77]^YL


+7MO?\6!_W?SZR^J-
M]


MP:W89SH#P1\DRIU9Y4.P8U?DT`K_WUAX?ZI?S^`=Y*W%[/(TPW'TB'9L



M
^91
$1)I@



MD?K
$!]B-Z\)*-5F?
9)



M1UA

M)TEYX`C+0QS$4:(.8VZ4%`92*B)AF
2Q*E+))8H-L(.XWP9*5FW@B&0#0[0L
M:-'

(D]?754U!N584)E0(20LCSM(U
)2B3D&H)W73=/3\\MD6#


X9!L(.TC&@+0.9QUFVT=QP*^%LD-@)BE!2F2JFJH%!;
MKJE1#6#[L0D


HH/
M]`?F&[C-OP```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`(BU((S*+```._
``!D```!X



M,5[^\=-BMOCAXS^0XI_%9LDVG;=8J47*Y]1M'\$Z@M,(SB(XC^`B@LL(KB*X
MCN`F@ML(-@9\A-9%\,G?(WCJ)@FN4BT5U`A,@KIJH4WZ-81G$9P%L%Y!!<1



/F0ZO9V
M1U)+[X@0XPB1OA`KS+2
SXW+*H=PMQ0@ZE30.


?48H
M
BFAZ*C



&:-S14Z9X[J\&/JZ



?\

`CT2
M(


3$S
:UH0I^7M$KZDHO




QF/'7);
M.3M3S*[T#2)I.!@M!;9NT58?O9JY7.[%AGO9]JWC/!3=C[63T'63T(]9K;!


SAB=
[I@=
GHBM$UHQM&MXPV#OEXQ%7
]JEV6A8KJLQ2



KAA=
[IA=

JK

3AF=
3IG=



Q]R'&:4/)$R6Q+6J6B&@QJJN58?I

IG71=D7<_(JSZM


MGM&:T2FC


M%#YYKXDQS


[_A*BU[XPFFKFSNHZR_LYKG`ON'`KLGY2




MQ_M@[HNZ(N

-1JV]BN-GJ1/:
U

M4J]6;FR;GS1X/V-1W^$GU_)CKN6





\UTV;0KEFTW#W%V+262$F
M


M
6GD[O`
NS$*RV+%YJX^!\\IG.U*[D[K3*\*9PL\B4PS'@H+RTG7D`4*4S
H
M3`P*NZYP)Z@E
;6#Q

&8/):EI,OCS+S(F6W+8VGE\EA8SN.6,!9VD%D8A#9]96%:<P6U!(R$X/


M





.O[U<89^_(<[
M$DL\UC_G'49+2:AP[V%EC'2L0]W24-FZP4X;[*S!SAOLHL$N&^RJP:X;[*;!



DO;
MU#+53.BYSWC8?=;+KJ^5S09M#C_@\ZJ9[!G2GS!

M\:#:\8&L_@?MPN(JA5[S52H1@RJ%::J3:=&M)VR#6Q;^5:6C:
44V6&4XU
M8?72
1T0@T3$(!$QR$`


*+VV3=5O-*EP6L76#G3;868.=-]A%@UTVV%6#73?8

XEN[P:\A@I2@PN%6;%
MJE-]\#*NS':))2LJYUE996G5@&?$X)EEP8VT&(EB[?5`GDX?SND\RFL;MSY4

M+I*-&
0JS(KU:F:E@A2]?





-(FA.C&H3@RJ$X/JQ*`Z
:A.#*H3@^K$H#HQJ$X
JA.#



3INFX6XD`E'
=)P@$
00B

M#O$AAAB0PRQ

M]8@-


82+
M&



M!D
4R0XA(X;X$$-\B$8Q"]94'ZM6WH[



&S1%C=
MD6(J(8:4((;X$T.PB6%&((;($D
8B2&
Q!`S8@@0
02(&*)!#-);%J1/MQ*L
M]+M*9[[UX46Y@9BN451I^%I%^ZS0/5BID,'J@M#O2\S^.0X-$4@BIDV12(


9C$[8-F,*F5X]
M8D

L2G
BAD6OIC`BIEVA]@00VP*V](=8E/
M#O$AAAB0PRQR:P5F^%M:S8V
M;]LTZ$O;[*9!F0V9

WP+%!M

CN&/5H*^U<^'\$C5RH4K
[_'XT\9I#MWFX
9PI6[
W8(%S&$BQAB
M0PRQ(8;8$$



@,2(=]SH`,$;-M(B%%[`EBJ2M_+84V?-6B;X9TU5D


82X8F?D5*+^70UZ;

@BF*V]0P(+)T!@=WG#(CU/F=`^.D




`A.I@U/=/(-#RF:-%\N'!\PORQF



6^-CX[,D=?
M!FS'F#*;.<KJZKZ?
//?E7VM6?!M9%+`7T;L'/-EO@A1583M?/39_C8#][F

W':O5WUU`61&H9K@`8O6&%RS++C67CJ`

12$YVWPIRWQ.`M
M






M*B?J&OX]Y'*ZMS%V5I8W3_H!F&N53PQB\#DS/RM/PS(/EU'


M9JQPJCOF.G8I+&7*.2O
.4L
8/=.123N(/#B
MZTYK*]

M2\Y96ZM48&)P-C
OL&5!X%0[C&=##N
9MJ-G87T;H?

M\(Q6RM6
!4Z%QES&KDEZI)SUM8J%9@8G,W,VQ9$#A5&.-9$G@R;#U&I[#4

#$XG5E0N&XRANM=&[.B\



MTFB'MSI\PDF;[=*QX;4/W`ZOR$B^X*GVK6.'!SB&Y[8WCR5=\-#PYK%).M:^
E\^3O^=+Z4$WA=
M3[-=RHD.GS1RGVBR0#NL=_G8
AU#N]9X0)/4#K6YU0['AK=U\[&3HZ-/)_@*
M


QP07GN








G
MWX?5VT__(P````#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#H*3`


;R=*&[[^([S\0W!]`:H&`








&

M5P4O43G;J25-$?
C;-
MP^

90G3.+PUDO&FD_&?


MXORCVDQ%V43IF##OCZE_5'9?Z(SR^X=V.WIW^CN=!![8IHLV#=^B)Q:FXINP
M_1`
0C`
P2@$XQ!








_'7UVTW0

M71EK7U=



V.M]?S#2B9G1YU@IFR[P
)
U;6$*7]D*60%9`
MUD!B(`F0%$@&)`=2`-D`Z700=1'U7.2)C)9'!XC
6/LB8^*(S)(F'=%12W!V



M*TJ0(RE&7I&B.Y5^2OIBI;5B(*B^3*E5*2M$8T75PI+W]?!31#-!ME@USQM1

MOM3

J$&T041ZA^91'9#V/
M^7DT.X`'Y)$W#-T\

M(NMYS


MT081J;7
OC2?U(K

M#Q`-$8T0C1%-$$T1S1#-&3D[=@M&3@5;(EHA6B.*$26(4D09HAQ1@6B#B)X=


M5FM$

MNZIF\7.Q?\;@[*0!=8I]=#=R(#YMZ^.?;X?\KK
3.D(T%B0[H6?A7:J)6.B!

MRVQE':`LWOERE661IRR+HDM65A.4Q3XZ[`
2C5$C?:K$[+*?DRB[8VA6*C3
M-%8D(W3-H%\E4[$0N-

CCX5+XT]$_3#!LW%0IT6C!P]+1&M$*T1
MQ8@21FB#%&.J$T0402LX/E](@DAJSG
5]B9O_O`(GQ=J$K
8L\B5E4%K$H

(C/<R
M79%9Y(G

SM:3H](9LAZ'O-E9O9.
M#Y`9;[6Z


M$S'24%-$


MZF
H1NHW0C1F%%%$W;)KP]4FM&&*L69OBC5'QP4C)S5+1M$:T0QH@11BBA#
ME
J$&T0D=CL@#D](K$AZWG


M$9W[Q:J/:

M`M4


%X[9


MA`/-)^$@ZWG






/$7#$[%T54T#.%:K&J',%8K:6J*%7D

W(5
M;9&G:$`#VMNN4'2PNS)4*^GB-%8D3N$P9W`B5I)KFBF:*:6'.UDE@WB&X1
MW3'R%`U#N!1'5]$PA&NQ\A4=#&&L5M+4!%&JJ*;;F5I)K!Q1H:@FUD:M)!8I
MNA1%R;H5K

M*-V

%J]&)6DFL*:*9(C=6
`:(AH
MA&B,:()HBFB&:([H!M$MHCM$T:N?!G5#\X*8ZT1Q8@21FB#%&.J$T043?
MX&IO!#F)['0K6
]CO@JI]AVB0F
)]HK%DODP5J2
T


%4
(DJ#YR69UHT/?
MNEP&HP/X

)D


M..N5_9%T3
6Q-OQ




M4EPN4+XF#X[FI57:56QC+&QS)0KK6A

/Q4'&O#

O$GSEJ2MY(BU[5J+56V[8FQ7(HZUX5.Q


M9+8H.-
$%XE]^B%E$\O4I'*:5DQFMJ*7TJIB


-
.7KV%]VK_2S
M\/M+VB_;^X];^B7$LQ.:+9]VNU?Y!W7\U/RL_?XWDS_\3P````#__P
`4$L#


M=#
P+GAM;*Q876^C.!1]7VG_`^)]PG=(HB2C)GQ*L])JM1_/E#@):L`1T*;]

KQH:A.&_VO
M/Z






M?


M\PAB;D(;R$`H`Y$
B(^7&/#-TKU(E`[2XM*%J6)W:?]D1`
S557P2LB`R;V];SS5]R_4EGT0*=7P/=2)0NPO?<4U+FMQT

.)





M%E^AT





X




-[8?+H+(]1&$6T]X&+.&4MI6_3*
I/V;!2%.Q4A\3@)73N(E

A-_$^01)P$KH+D\RN!






9&@UDPMHA6X_'ZM:+J%4<DK1@_OB^
MW

UGPB11J&VXS$C)#:102(+`\%TIIR@RP#Z^7P8:K
K`$4D&

M*$+``'&_$#18%8(CDA`
1]OQA3M*J&@0Y.*090VM/RJ-D9XA$9HTX#I)(FT(R,RLW
MH4(E0K'G1]KM2R5+E82.7G=O%,0&-9@IQ+&^$Y`L1_GU.\9[;LSY8DPL0NN




/^NR9K\7]
M3_BRV6P:O)'^(#6.B
SB\8'CQ:N(;OZ(N']W!O!0\79OR#OWJ`]9C_V/DK







M2UXM6$@P#=VEI

DJPIR]*&ZF!B.[#LRRJ:H87S

S&C-$B'D0$-0*E371@JP.I#F0ZD.M`(0$.B#`JX?X4)2@+54+4L!'`

M#!G%


`1L(.O@J
MC#`(U9S4R
D

M.BT)#Y(
\C+XHU35/.
M?/569M#D*HT[F[I(V[




J%$C5AC9R


;L4
MD32


R&_6B&9JZV#%


080I4G6@S^

Z

-UGHXKS5\0V^VJ!PZ[L[A
MYZN)K[WY&@X1\X.--X=?=R:^1@@RADLK_2O@$[KI0HXS?@2W6I?R@'\OVT-]
M[JP3WD










M^S7J7*$.PL`QK0#UH4(0`;4B&91VNV0D6)6



.4L1`P:&V\4@P:H8#)'$H`@R
%;
H

MOW1GT.'J:$X'/T5!LD24LB#,T#HY41(B=BB44XDA$YT*-6A3(=R'2H42)6
MS&J2%!=

?;?+1X=$Q3$


VO(HA6B'\P5D_P'KT/VR=-3SO
M`WPE



M7]:3WYYJ4H?%ZBI:EM[]_8_'AXO?-\^[^^W3^\O1F^O+B\W3W?;+_=.W]Y?_

+3[OWE




MK]W_`Y9_O+][WNZV7_=OXG)7=*+XFE=7JZNXTH=W7^[C*TBV7SQOOKZ__#AZ




CK3V3!:\2?O
;HS7(V
MF\Z7B]-?3;PU^A.)/_
BUV\6H^O5Y!6+C.*5)&/3)6737G\NH\/UB?^1ESGY

VW=ZCMZ/QY47.&KK&ASSZ_](HYD]:

&]:-A_P[VT3'(OO^Y/&10[Q\:JK

M2:W=8S(^O


5/W'
MLS=1/VQ+BM.V
DO\(;(/.Z=(F',M:Y8))PBLNA[G3X7:]`X(`V0%H@'$H!T
MDBBG8BTYRZD4IYUB(IPBLHB;3'%J;';/BD23DG=K#BND!HTC(N[LYJ`I!QLO
MS,%:/-``I'%I+^/1[%-G


M&:/
3.WZ6;G9!VH[
Q)^
C+I.=%G5V55R;1U1O'T1%Z;;:_.JA+H$#6
8OJ7
MM3!M

M



WQVJPI





M6AH5E+6
I+6$]
8R

M%!C%LQJX2)T*5-Z.CXY
IZ1M'ZEGIHR$MXQ


\VR#=`-:H<HUB-<NXV1358





M81Y18!3/:N`J=2I05=N)G61.WJ7Z2.
MSSG2V\-04\YO.C4EJ^*U9-XBJA$Y
M1C)O

5ES$:Q8




M_C#M2&8:9&2*GWT&P2J5:;260#6J'*(&48O((PJ(.H6T6:EU?X59U.DKLQC)

]HI`1-X_C^6INWY?8





(N1

#AXGE[P^
MTGB+
PBK3
FSCQ)8)1


M/#9UY6G?S#XFX$59!Q8_IRB1I5C),?=HBI'Q'$7`SVBD!&5O_Y=5-S[EW6


*B#J%M%EG#Q%SGAC$MI&1](U4IOR9(:?B0)$^:T8RR5#ELJI4
ML::H!FZL%@
]HI`1E;^C#XVS!!N4N9TA3MY9^DB3DCQA2&MYG(@_2O
WMP\*

MO26525O[7($#5=IRH*B-J'*

M]*SC44

MY_E&DX)L6^:




1%?09$3E[^@;S;-$5#]$
M@=$+U4\%:FOME#-

01!42=0MJLU)9+LTZ_0ZFA5W<H(^D;(3-F#FW

FM&*LE`Y;*J[(9-6:OLVC@-8Z!'%#*B_?CH)[YF27\&VMK4LTMK

M(^$




M$+6(/**`J%-()V!JT*4SYR4@M?DJ`1E)PPC%[3=G2!6_F
ONM8Q4!0258U7Z

;UW;?


V$'TOT'\0
M]+[67;(
VXLXLB[`%BB*7IX5F;:%2*(A*7'R]QV*I
Q+NG6P^Q+&)\
3SN'A


8]D=R@9W:&.^H\'\


M75OVSR^7+Q5N+T#Q5#?U^#Z1FD9;K8I3A_ORJ8&\WQR_K#CW]$&C;^NJQP
^



2

M


M(`-%%.
H.24LR)O/V)XAU5![*LV2K4IF8;D,DD4QHK/G&*)`/IPK5[=$%:

XMGP:$AKDQS=U*!(LZ1D*

$[

M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`


WGNHKM5YE%X;TF7/


=!ESJ$9FD#:;0H


B2FJ



MDQ
]#$%2F\@A3U/(9



G!0*=


D)51;6<
MW/B1BT^!29U.@WN'9ZWH!S@E]DN%JCL1;`7+^+T;[?M508UW(U@H(=Z<OH#3
M7IM=T6]9=\4-U2IT@:'!200:OQ/G17'#2`ME@S,?87#.ZS^6<*Q'L'19!@1?
M&'C#7_!]$-A]R\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`JTDPW

A+4O4[
HE)LYHO$
X


T`D`)#`QI


M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


]T%T'?]A3&KCX.!+A9L2?5[6!:P
M,I-J20V\JOE`SF:\8-9K)=
F
'-U=7?`[8U3)2L?+=Z5=C?:_RX
?]7:2D+

+R]K27@Z5C2
M:M@S@85CCIB;BNEDEE)E')1O(?


MJP]!$N=)%(Y\C$;DWH_\.$`D'R.$\]^5)RGMAN08+$U0C'.2/)`P#GX7$OAO

0X?PL/
M,?&#()G&V`D!=3@+`QM?X#YVRN#,'Z$7+3G)4(#)_\^0D[I!(]1UA!R!R2


MV[O('?:HV49MRH^[J4W2V2=M@&:[M



ME8P;`H-#N:X8D3-B%HP$4FA9\1+J3
Q))P1IPV'2@$-AJMEL79&H$Q)(M9)0


`5DD&9\OP/]1-[%\(94Q

&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`+55,/U````3`(```L`````````````

M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`


6```8

N

CYU`P``D@L``!D`````````````````



M:&5E=#8U+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!208R9PP(``&4'```9````````
M`````````&



``)4+```9`````````````````#(T``!X


M
YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`L\U'S7X$``#3%```&0``````````````


&UL
M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`)*/#/HK!```=`\``!D`````````````````!E0`



M=#4T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`^Z+^56@(``*X%```9````````````





2YX
M;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`(M.6']0#``4#0``&0````````````````!\











M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`

_64CP`@``H@@``!D`````````````````'2X!


BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`VO?




M`!0`!@`(````(0`TZ-;&`,``(8(```9`````````````````.`^`0!X;]W



M;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`@SXNU&`#```/P``&0````````````````#&






LF3`@``]08``!D`
M````````````````




M:&5E='





M``8`````$`*3
@!J







M965T



M`BT`%``&``@````A`%E$$7







M.P





V+GAM
M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0(M2
RBP``#OS```9`````````````````%*;



M971S+W-H965T





<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroHPZeromHCsdGNPm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroPsbDRlPqXxvy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroKkBbVFmFZerofVf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroDJSixmFourcxxSixbdZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQSKSevenkThreeWtrFiveSixOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerocdLhdRMFFoursZeroNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerozNFmlBNineQMTqK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerokZerowNineFTmSixNRKW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroDFzCFiveNinePTwowTwoSX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerocThreeTySWEightflSevenwp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohEightnEightVqvsqZerows'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCRVyTzHZerosNineVt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroXJnFourcvMFivexFiveHy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxJWmNSyVsKOneSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolRWtFourZerovmZbvD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroPxvPrKZeroFSevenGVC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroThreeOneqCThreesVTFRxTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroNineTSevenTwoTTxkyZyFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowThreenDcpxKZTgX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerokQSixkCSixMWkzFivev'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroDKbhxlSevencGfFT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerokfhvzTVvNKXD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSixSixTwoSevenSevenTwopNEightqwb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSixgkFivefqrzfgvFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTmxmxBSixFiveNVFourEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroRNineMpRmbEightnMVv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroyyxQqCSRqxHP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerokxHpRhTBHcFK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroEightEightsfTyncfpNZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroGyTwoDVSnsysKFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowkSixWvrnsZerokFourc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeroSkFwJSixxTOneOnep'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerocpFiveyHyBTClTwoW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerocSevenpEightwmSevenLXnsd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZpBtmBOnePqsSixp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerofZkxBtSixLTfnB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTGlSevenHwySixTNOneTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolTMNineKlZeroPMFFourB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFFourqyWWzrqNineThreeT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTwoSTwoTTVkskzSevenN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerochPdSpPFTWMD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroThreeFxdbTwoZZBKbB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerocwtrTwonTwoyyGZeroG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroJkqgKFourTwoXTwoLFThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroNmNBThreekLmxpTf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroEightLZeroEightKkHVRmTs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroEightFourfSNinePWhBlNZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCLqRVSixRSFourSevenfc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolvbVkkFiveCNGdf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeroSixcThreeMSixSixsKZeroVD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroEightFJVgNineFdZxKQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZlTnkBqSevenThreekBJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroVRVRTwoSevenDyJzky'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerogLhbLkVShPvThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerocTyhDkKVyRSixw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFzWmNineTTwoybWFourn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTFiveXJqcRTwoFiveNineKn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroRndtFSixSOneZgbq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroThreeqTSixTwoNineFourHymDp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerotBHVgmPCbsRV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerozTwohvSixtJBTwoWThrees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroBEightOneMZeroFiveFivepJBsd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohPSixXkhHSevenqxTf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroJKTFiverTPTkhpr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSPqMgSevenZeronpwFourT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroJQcMxXPBFzRG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowLZNinekrSvSMThreeNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTdZeroTdkSevenwFiveWtOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQhgFiveCSixsgwFsG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeromfSixblRSevenMKSixw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerozmNFivewwcfFTXFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroBvlWFEightHzfpWb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroRHwJHsFFrrOneg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerorXEightcFHnLFiveSevennF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerozNNEightvLtbNineOneSevenFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroJLnfSixFiveqpZrSevenZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQrwXpEightwByrFiveL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowBTCXbJXHwrF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCmhqHpZFivebTwocd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerogFourFourFiveCLzFNOnelL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFiveFourHSevenFourckQBCWN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroDFiveFOneEighttQGPMJSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTMhCrKVZeroTpgT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerorSVQrBBTEightTwW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSixEightTHmTzFourTqlThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroXJGmcgWZerobsTwoEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroNJzSixbRGDVBqS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTwovRlJDKHTGPX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeromZwNDSevenFiveCFourvSixp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZDttrFourgcNGmZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroWEightfHhSevenwcXOneBNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroLRnDHsclXtJOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTwonDpTTwonnQnLTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeronNineNinepyEightTwoBttGQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolEightPrNgqsPxMt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroyThreeRKOneqEightrcNineSevenz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCZeroFivenSrfPZeroThreeTL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFourywQOneWxHmZHQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroEightgwTTbfrcnlD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroRXBDFEightzTSixpQs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroDzFourSevenRZMJrqpc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerobHSevenyrlFiveRwZerodh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroJBNineNbMmSevenTZwH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTSevenNineTwoZeroLhCvFiveHv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCTwoFqTwoThreeThreeyrPMM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroGFJsfwRNineTNineZerol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroNineOnezWgZeroPpTyrK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerogndGtThreeqPZeroNineJN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerompcHBXRFiveqGQNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSixRdEightSixLpFiveGTwoxFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerocSevenPpPvgHFiveKrQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqSixMxcfSMmnTh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerocMMttLCMMNSEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqMQrrNineVsHLhC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFourScfzSevenEightmxKMFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroXThreeDSixpfsbNEightOneZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSixEightOnespZeroyNineSfBf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqTqgTThreelsxTSixC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroXGKHVSevenSixSLSixqT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSevenFivedstwFCwqpd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerofNineKWSevenFiveTSrvFourFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSMgSixmzqwCCNineh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerokFiveqfzrlTHxqB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeronPOnewZTXRPLFiveW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroHOneSixwhsqSCtLV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSixddTlFiveFivekLZeroZeroQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZcdsQHgzZWmK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSixJSixVMbQCmnvt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroKEightlrtNDPThreezsThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTwoySQJTOneBwXHEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncomeTaxesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeronnWEightNinenZerohPThreeTwom'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncomeTaxesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOnewfSevenkJvgRmgSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_IncomeTaxesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroPpFourzBTwoxQThreeSixTTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSfLZerocJEighthNTdt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQNineEightnLSevenMSevenNCSD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOnehZBGJGFcqCG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeronNineOnecBNineTZeroSixTZL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroHnJQCSGlJTwosx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSevenLNinenNcqyJTSevenZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCnvdRThreeSdGNineNEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSalesByCategoriesOfProductTypeZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohhyySfFiverOneRSixK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourOnepBkTZeromLVDNiner'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourPFivesmxTwoQgcVln'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourJRZeroOneZeroftrqTLNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourFiveTwolkRxcOneqTLK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourJxDdNineDMyhNzh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourSbJfhMLThreeSevenNSevenNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourQJWbNinehFFtTGN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourCdVKFourTwoCJgtvP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourwFiveHzzFourlmMSeventP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourSevenBxfSevenHssBThreeTf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourHXNFivevfBhTwoBrNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourzLGPzNThreeZeroEightTwoTSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourSevenvfqNineCHHHywH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourSBTnTwoFourxRSFqX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourOneFiveFTOneThreewkRMGB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourQqZrhSixEightNineQylk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourFJQkFourHlHEightldV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSevenmzdpmCSlNwW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroffTwoKTwoGFoursTBGW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCDCfbTdZeroMtThreeZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQFourphSsxsOneLzOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerodVpTCSJtBJZb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCFCThreetzWZTwokBx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQgsVkHTwoZeroCvzx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSVFiveJbzThreeFiveCSixPM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSevenSevencFourRxcnEightqkV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroThreexFourNZeroHQmWEightPQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerozBThreetrTcNineZeroPPT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerozSixblGTwoVdhQDX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerodxzDFivergnNtSixK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCqsTwoXyyyMycc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSixLEightVREightLWlKLT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowXNnkqQTwoTDpZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroJTtThreemFyzlltZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOnempzbFiveCSevenMxSr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroJBtTTmSevenFivegZeroOneThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOneTxxCEightlkDBGH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroKSbwRxEightnkTwoSixH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroLfNineSevenVZVCKFiveCB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxmQqLSixSevensThreelXm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeroJOneVyCSevenPcdhW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroThreecxPOnegWHWLGn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolWphSThreerzFourcSevens'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohRlhSTwoxTBHvTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerobdVNinehNinefdlhSK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerogRHqlTkpzkhl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroNineJTwozmSevenhSixSixztz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroVqSTwomHFivelBDxNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovCsrOnerlxwtTT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroDOneLdfMnypTtx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerokhTvNineMqTTwSf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroGKThreelkFourLsdHnG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroGTXwTwokTSdlNineD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTwoRgRFFivefOnerXOneH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqNTSevenlCQSixtbQd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFiveSnBTWKTFZFf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohXCtThreeyOneNineFourFiveFiveThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroPdqvlMtfgnFiveW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTbWsGqRNinerrLv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroJsgWktFourrHvhM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZerowwKghFiveMKJVD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroybSixSixwZerolzSixNineKJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQvmOnenzCrPDkSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerotpRSixTTnxzTpz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeroXpDZVbsWFiveZq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSixZeroNSixScTFiveTwosHp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFiveHHQhdyNineZZCFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroPNineSevensrRtCDRNineF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolZeroWXdVRKFrFourM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowEightLnpFourSevenEightVTwoSixX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerobPQfzJppqZeroKd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeroTTDbWDryTnn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerozwxPXPSixCyBkd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroDfFQwmwNinepBHThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroXDhZSixPtsgCrn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovOneGNinerySWFourDxEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroJfrDFiveHKbFivexKg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFFiveHxGWJLtwKThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxRDWxsFcgGzS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQDPnbqyFiveTDRS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQtxzgdydbWQFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQOnelGtSevenypVTwoky'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroBHlcFourvEightSixdSevendd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohnLkZeromNineVPhZX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovpFourMThreeTzVfKsG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroMFourpnkbEightyFivepNineX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZQdrPTNineVFiveSixNl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFourvOnenZFourNkWNZd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeromzdFiveXFiveZFiveplTFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSevenFSevenbndOneQNineTwoQC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSdNNineNSixThreegNineSpp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroDCdOneyFOnecQyPp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovThTFngZXBPG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LeaseCommitmentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerorkJEightmnlKTvRK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LeaseCommitmentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCThreeNnrwMhSixtkf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LeaseCommitmentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroWSevenMqkxNOneswnd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOneDSevenNineXhVZTwodpv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroRmSMQNineFourKTTwokS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerocFbKGqXlQCZeroTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxThreeFiveshHrnrBcX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroKXcyRgzNFwrQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovxWXcKWJnRTwog'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroNCCPrzBKThreeFcr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroEightNineZeroDThreeyvFourzvTwoQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroRFCOneFiveLPCVfpc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroXVpJZQOneyFourcThreeZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroKNnTwobnEightKwBfg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTlSEightJWLGZZlT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFfCTwoHlFourFivemTVX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZtPZeroPqhThreerLkz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZWJlPTwopxPNRD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroDBfycEightwsNineXtd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovOnekZTphvZMCb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSvQcBnFiveEightKrzD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeronCHkKMBQLvbL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroXbJNinebOneVcbVrM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfSharebasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroThreeHZfspTpSevenSixDEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolTHbNbcdmKMS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroNcdNsdQLMFourgEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFXFivecSFourLXnpxT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohcWSevenmZeroMXFiveZWR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroXfDrXNineSixwCklr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxgLyyGOnewLhzZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroHFiveVZTwoOnekssqwQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroVnFourMSfSixJhqJB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroXNinehOneZFiveDbNyTB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroHckCzRTZFHKQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZXFiverTwoFourvyOneZPG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroHMsCFivelrTCsTwoL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqCLWlEightThreecQczv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCpmyWySixTwoNClD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxTGVThreeLScFourZeroZeroF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeropVJnmQMRSevendXm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerogRSevenZerotfdHqQgC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCPPnzmFivexpRThreen'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFTFklnlFourqMTwoT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfWarrantsAndOptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFourwFiveTrHrvGZNineX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfWarrantsAndOptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroBZdFivetVXVZsTFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfWarrantsAndOptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerodHSixZTFtspXpD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfWarrantsAndOptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerodKSPJFourlZKOnemNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfWarrantsAndOptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerosnNineyhqcZerocdFivey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfWarrantsAndOptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroJZeroSOnexTTCrBNinec'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfWarrantsAndOptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroMEightPTCCmhZeroVXZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfWarrantsAndOptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeronfZeroFourcgOneRsfHOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfWarrantsAndOptionsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroMKBNmThreeVhsvCJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroBOneyhgRZeroOneghPc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroPcpXRThreeNVQFourFx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqyfPkNZBGqct'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerogfXfZerokEightrOneEightfT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerodGTBDBRtqnwZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowEightTwodNbTvPVvn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroJhfcQBpRksnOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroWgNineBTNineGgvlRJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolbQFivefQSixOnelnHH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroVSevendXLNSevenFdcDG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroblxLBFKmBQThreeT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroWvCEightHFiveZeroDKNCM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowwRmSevenLDvpvHM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerondZJJcbSevenSevenBfl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroXlNineNgQTvFourBHg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCpkShPNhVRTk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroHZxkkNJSevenbtOnen'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeroTwoPsSGtPQFpT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerozFtgMgLThreeQcSx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqbKgNineDxPJOneOneC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

                  <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroEightwGTxWMpNineyTNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohZrHZNineyCDFivepS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroRvpTwoWVXTTThreeFourEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeronJThreecSCFiveTPtrq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFiveQSevenFourcgdZerowMkp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroksPqxXNinevRSvX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxMxFiveHPfcZOneZh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerotBFivehxHMKhhvg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerodOneTwhhGmllRFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowFiveTTddCMckdX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTwoxNineNOneMOnefXJLN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroMKxnWwBfSixfSL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LongtermDebtZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeropLkTwodVrEightztb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LongtermDebtZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOneLLFiveNSevenbgHSZerod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LongtermDebtZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeronRkNPNnqgnTD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LongtermDebtZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerobdSixDGlTWpSixFourm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroHThreeGSevenNinegTEightThreerZr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroVyctfGEightsTTFW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCbWTwoqFVfFivewqT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQrmRmQThreeEightTThreeKf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroclSSCcfTNineSevenEightg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolThreegySevenfzXlSevenCr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourTPSevenXNinehsSRSevenDX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourTwoRlNinewCQTFNinemF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourFiveMnypfNineZerovThreemB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourmNytmvBRtqPC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourOnebOneCZerotOneBdFiveEightT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourSevenLSixFourxrFNvTwoNineT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourlSixxbOneMpNFourcNFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourqDgHFRtMxSixFourEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourmJXJTwoPTgnqZeroC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourZBGprCSevenFourfJkSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourNineJSdyfyJbBhz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourNHWKFourcHEightRFourrn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourNNinegTwoWvgNineGlsR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourTCfpPclTworvTL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourTfXZHrGSGTwoTwov'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourqxzFourZWPCBMsFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourkTFivegltDkThreespp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourzThreeJWFiveOnefTOnemcB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourTwoFiveSevenFiveZeroWmGsEightSixTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourNGMTdNRHSixpDFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourSevenLnGVywHZbGg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourMLPWSevenNvTKwTb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourPTCZeropxcwRvcT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFournGdgRJwydTwEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourXTLdKZerosrMLbw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourpVMThreeyrJxpmJV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourfEightSixRphHXdZeroSSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourBtgNXQTzrDZeroM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourFiveqclbMtBtkTwof'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourROneCZckvTwoBCSevenh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourSvZeroOneNinebEightcNFJFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourGTSKQCTsxJDC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_RestrictedCashZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohlFiveLMdWDfcQq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAverageExchangeRatesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourXSixSevenLMSixFourHThreexpS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAverageExchangeRatesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFournWrkCSevendXkBLEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAverageExchangeRatesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourThreeTkzJtSSixNCSV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAverageExchangeRatesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourLvWQzbSZFivecnp'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\P9C0U.31A,5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T,#%A
M,6(X.3(V8C,B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
M
#%A
6(X.3(V8C







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H


T0B5V]R





O4VAE970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3$%.1%]5

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R
M:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^5$%815-?4$%904)
15
\+W@Z3F%M93X-




M/'@Z3F%M93Y
3TY'5$5235]$14)4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




3DN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7










O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-






M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7



M14E604)

M($A2968]


T0B5V]R:W-H

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T
M/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3$%.1%]54T5?4DE'2%137TY%5%]486)L97
\+W@Z


M0D%.2U]
3T%.4U]486)L97




M($A2968]




25I!5$E/3E]486)L97
\+W@Z




14%315]#3TU-251-14Y44U]486)L
M97


M3DE:051)3TY?0D%325-?3T9?4%)%4T5.5$$Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z








O4VAE


04Y47T%.




O4VAE970U





M:&5E='





&-E;%=O<FMS




O4VAE970V


O4VAE970V



O4VAE970V





#I.86UE
M/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='



O4VAE970V.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS
M:&5E='
O4VAE970W



O4VAE970W
2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




O4VAE970W
RYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS

#I.86UE/E-C


M=&EO;E]296







M3F%M93Y38VAE9'5L95]O9E]2979E;G5E7V)Y7T=E;V=R87`\+W@Z3F%M93X-




























M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y

O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H

T0Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

C`Q



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@5'EP93PO=&0^#0H@(`@


]

]



C`Q









]

]
T1T97AT



BTS




]
T1T97AT/B=3;6%L


]



M4W1A='5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG665S/'-P



]





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



]

M8W5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
C`Q











]



T1T;W`^/'-T



]


\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
S(L
S0U+#8P


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!C87-H/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4T+#`W




]
T1N=6UP/C0Q
M+#DU



]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#(Y-2PU
M

M=&]P/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97














M
RPV


3@U+#0Q

34X+#@R


]







T

]


M9VX]


]
T1R974^

M4U-%5%


]


]




]









]
T1N=6UP/C
L-C0V+#4V
#QS

]







2PT





M;&EA8FEL:71I97



T1T;W`^3F]T97
@


C



($Q)04))3$E4



M-CDL-C8R+#@X


]


]
T1R


M870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P


]



M:RP@)#`N

C`P+#`P


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P



L-#@W+#


]
T1R

M
3@L
SDV+#4Q


]




T1T



3`L



2PP
#


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(P
RPQ






C
S/'-P


M
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C

M;G1E;G0]

04
^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

]







M1&YU;7`^-2PP
#`L

#`L






]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(P



]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#8Q-BPW



]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#8Q-BPW


M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M14%


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]




]

34L


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6T^*#$W
BPQ




]








]
T1N=6T^



S$L



]

]


]
M



2PV
#8L-34X

M
2PR
C4L




]







T1T;W`^
M3W1H97(@97AP96YS97


]
M






RPR-C(L
S

CDL-#@Q+#0Q



]




]



]
T1N=6UP/C0L-S$W+#4X



]









\

M



]
T1R


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@

]
M

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P









]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#4S
RPX


]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#4S
RPX
M

M-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B





]

T1)1#!%


CXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C(L-S8W+#4Q


]





]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#(V+#$Q


]

]
T1N=6T^*#



RPW



M/B@R-#DL


]


]
T1N=6T^

]





M87-H(&9L;W=S(&9R;VT@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97




M1&YU;7`^


]



M
RPP
CDL.3


]






]
T1N=6UP/C8L
#4Q+#
U-CQS

]

M:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R

]
T1N=6T^
M*#
L


]


M86QI9VX]






T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O



]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#4X


]



]




T1T;W`^4F5P87EM




]




]
T1N=6UP/C$S
M+#DS
RPP.#



]
T1N=6UP/C$L.3
W+#DQ






S4S+#0Y

]



M







RPX.3$L.#8T/'-P

M;F-O;64@=&%X97


&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?
M-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F
M-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



3X\

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^061D:71I;VYA;!086ED+4EN($-A


M($]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^

M/E1O=&%L/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34L


C@L
3(W/'-P

M86QI9VX]

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]









#
L


]
M
T1N=6UP/C4P
RPV



]
T1T




T1T;W`^4F5P87EM96YT(&]F(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!C;W-T







]







T1T;W`^06QL;V-A



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S(Q+#$P
3QS


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
C8T+#0R






]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C8X




]




T1T;W`^
M16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#DR
BPT.30\


]


#(L
S4P/'-P86X^


#$R/]T9#X-B`@




]




#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]






]




\


]
T1N=6T^*#$L
#4T+#8X

M86QI9VX]





]



]
T1P

]





]
T1N=6UP/C0L-S$W+#4X



]

M



Y-BPU
3






N(#



]





5\R93DU7S1D9#)?
M8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C

T0G=&5X




M

@3T8@4%)%4T5.5$%424].

3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3


@3T8@


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

@3T8@4%)%4T5.5$%4
M24].+!!3D0@4%))3D-)4$%,($%#5$E6251)15,\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&$I/]I/@T*(`@(`@

M:6QL96YN:75M(%%U97-T+!);F,N*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C





#M!3$XF(S@R
C$[*2!W87
@;W)I9VEN86QL

BP@
C`P.2P@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@9FEL960@82!S=&%T96UE;G0@;V8@;65R9V5R(&EN('1H92!S=&%T92!O
M9B!.979A9&$@=&\@=')A;G-F97(@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&(I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


M;W)A:6X@2&]L9&EN9R!);F


38P.SPO=&0^


M;W)A:6X@2&]L9&EN9R!);F
N(@F(S@R,C`[24Q()B,X,C(Q.RDN($E,2!I

M9W5S=`T+`R


M86X@2&]N9W)U;B!A;F0@3'5O=&EA;B!



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M97



;W)A:6XN(%1H92!R
M97-T(&]F('1H90T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C




;W)A:6XN($1O

#`E

M(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C





2!4865B;VYG($EN8RX@86YD


S$L
M-S`W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!S:&%R97







T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&
I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]




3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P





@97AP;W)T960@=&\@9F]R96EG
M;B!C;W5N=')I97
@86YD(')E9VEO;G

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X
M.3(V8C


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]

]



T1T;W`^4U5-34%262!/

M97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D

@;F5W

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/&(^

M;&4]



M24-)15
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

T0Q

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

F4Z(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\:3Y-971H;V0@;V8@06-C;W5N=&EN9SPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM

@9V5N

M97

@87)E(')E



M960@4W1A=&5S(&]F($%M97)I8V$@86YD(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!C;VYS:7-T96YT


M8F%S:7
@;V8@86-C;W5N=&EN9RX\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M8V5M8F5R(#



M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M9'1H/3-$
3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAB*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF


#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^



@87)E

@:&%V92!B965N(&5L:6UI;F%T960N
M(%1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:6YC;'5D



@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S(&YO;BUC;VYT



M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I


2P@
C`Q
RP@=&AE(&1E=&%I;&5D(&ED96YT:71I
M97



M=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QI/E!L86-E(&]F/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@



M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y!='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@97%U:71Y/]I
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y2

M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$




38P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^
M:6YC;W)P;W)A=&EO;CPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B



M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^8V%P:71A;#PO:3X-B`@(`@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M=&0N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^4%)#/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M=&EA;B!

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#0L,30U+#$Y-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V


=&0N/]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^4%)#/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0X+#DV
M-2PV.3@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

M



3!P=#LG/D)E:6II

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3`E/E!20SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`Q+#8S-BPU-30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG





M

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3Y04D

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Q,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


@

M9W5A;B!

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#$V,RPV-34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@



M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@
3`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#4P+#DR-RPU
3@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z



M:68[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^
M*&,I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]





M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N


M;F0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


@870@=&AE(&1A


@9'5R:6YG('1H


M9CLG('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D






M97%U:79A;&5N='

M(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M
T0Q

M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0G



@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%T(&9A




@87)E(&1E=&5R;6EN960@

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0^)B




@=&AE(')E87-O;G
@9F]R



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@


M






T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B






M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T



M=&4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S(&ES(&UA9&4@=VAE;B!C;VQL96-T


M97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D

@;F5W

T0Q

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAG*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S

M(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM

M:7-H960@9V]O9'

@87)E('-T871E9!A=!T



M(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M.B`Q



T0Q
#`E

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAH*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP


M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


'!T.VUA

@=V5R92!R96-E:79E

M+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B



@:7

M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W




M;VX@:7





M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C



M97%U:7!M96YT/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT





M87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^0G5I
M;&1I;F=S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@],T0R
M,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M

T1N
M;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S,`T*(`@


M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



T0T
M



C`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@('EE87)S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS
M1#0P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT




M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3XF
M(S$V

M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M







M=&5R;65N='


M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$





T0Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAJ
M*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@

M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP


T0U)3XF(S$V
M


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$





T0Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAK
M*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@
F4Z(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M:3Y,86YD(%5S92!2:6=H=',\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO<#X-B`@

M(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$



M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&PI/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




X
C(Q.RD@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
@0V]D:69I
M8V%T:6]N(@F(S@R,C`[05-#)B,X,C(Q.RD@4W5B=&]P:6,@,S8P+3$P+3,U
M+`F(S@R








M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF

@87-S971S



M9CLG('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M;2D\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*

T0G9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S

M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M9!H86YD;&EN9SPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/B8C

M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y

L


M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D/B8C

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T

M97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/D%L




M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B

M

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L



M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*'`I
M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M93H@

M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N



M(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M
T0Q

M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


@9F]R(')E8V]G;FET:6]N

@

M(&%M;W5N='




@86)L92!T;R!R96%L:7IE



@5&]P:6





M=7
@9&5F97)R960@=&%X97


M97

@:68@:70@:7
@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@




@

N



@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P







#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^5&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@:7

M=&\@26YT97)N86P@4F5V96YU92!#;V1E(%-E8W1I;VYS(#DU
2!A;F0@.34W





M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

@;F5W

M:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY487AA8FQE($EN
M8V]M93PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C

M1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M(#QU/E)A=&4\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/D]V97(\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/D]F($%M;W5N=!/=F5R/]U/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$U)0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-3`L
M,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-3`L,#`P#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

#`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4P+#`P,`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M(`@(`@(`S-4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S4L,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#
Y)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3`P+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S
U+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3`P+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S-4-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#,S-2PP
M,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#$P+#`P
PP,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
S-2PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,S4E#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`Q,PP
#`L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`Q-2PP,#`L,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`Q
PP,#`L,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
X)0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
34L
#`P
M+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
34L
#`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M-24-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#$X+#,S,RPS,S,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@(`@(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@/&)R

M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^
M*'(I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-







2P@
C`Q
BX@4%)#(&QA=W







M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R




M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B



@9&]L

M:7



M='







4^#0H@(`@

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B



3(O
S$O
C`Q
CPO
M=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP('-T









M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M.B`M



3!P=#LG/D%V




M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T


T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

T0Q

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M








M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N

M)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y2979E;G5E(')E8V]G;FET:6]N/]I
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B

#0N(%-A;&5S
M(')E=F5N=64@:7









M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N






M


M+@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@

T0P

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K



M:61T:#TS1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*'4I/]I
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J

M=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG


M;VUE(&)Y('1H92!S=6T@;V8@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R

M(&1I;'5T:79E('-E8W5R:71I97


2P@
C`Q

M='


M;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3`L#0H@(`@(`@

@=V5R

M92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#`Y+`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#$L
S
T+#4W

2!I;F-E;G1I=F4@<&QA;CL-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`R+#(U-2PP



M8V4@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


N#0H@


M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@









@






M969F96-T(AI+F4N+!T:&]S92!T:&%T(&EN8W)E87-E(&EN8V]M92!P97(@





3!P=#L@8F]R




M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B



@

@9'5E('1O('1H96ER('-H
M;W)T(&UA='5R:71I97
N($%30R!4;W!I8R`X

@5&]P:6
@

3L@9&5F



M97%U:7)E;65N='

N(%1H92!C87)R

M86YC92!S:&5E='



@;V8@





M

@9F]R(&ED96YT





T0G;6%R


B!I;G!U='
@


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T


3!P=#LG

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#$P)3L@


R!I;G!U='
@=&\@=&AE('9A;'5A=&EO

T1J


M;65N='



3L@86YD($%30R`X







3!P=#LG/E1H92!F;VQL



M(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=&\@05-#(#@R

T0P(&-E

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F



M:#TS1#$P

3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^070@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
Z/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N


M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B



T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[


Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&EC86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B



M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT




M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3Y);G!U='
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B




M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^*$QE=F5L(#(I/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


38P.SPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/BA
979E;`S
M*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO

T1C96YT97(@

M;W1A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


Z/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N


M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M0V%S:#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q

M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#@T,BPY.#D-B`@

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y4;W1A;!F:6YA
M;F-I86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q


P
#`P
M
#`@

3`E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@

M
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S4L-S`P+#$X
@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y&:6YA;F-I86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
Z/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P
M.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D



T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

3`E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M.B`C
#`P


M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B
M;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B

@

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q
M+`R
#$R.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B

T1C

M1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$



M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]





M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


38P.SPO

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1C96YT

M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B8C


Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B




M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^0V%S:#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S
BPS-#4L
M-C`S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S(L
S0U+#8P
M
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M:6-T960@0V%S:#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
RPY.3@L.34V#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

3`E

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3Y4;W1A;!F:6YA;F-I86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
M
#`P
#`@

24^

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S
M-BPS-#0L-34Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S8L
S0T+#4U
M.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO

3`E/B8C
38P

B4^)B
Q


M
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y&:6YA;F-I86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
Z
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@


B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M

M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

38P.PT*

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
M
#`@

3`E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@

M
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N




M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M97
@86YD(&]T:&5R('-O=7)C97
@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D('=H96X@:70@:7
@




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M=&@]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAX*3PO:3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
F4Z(#$P
M<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y#;VUP
M<F5H96YS:79E(&EN8V]M93PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J

M=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG
M/D-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(&ES(&1E9FEN960@=&\@:6YC;'5D92!A





@=&AE

N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]




3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY
M('5S97
@1D%30B!!4T
@5&]P:6
@



@9'5E('1O(&EN=F5S

M9F]R('1H92!P97)I;V1S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
M







38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


M=&EM97

M;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y296-E;G0@


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^)B
X


#M!4U4@
C`Q
RTP
28C.#(R
3LI+CPO



C`Q
2TQ

M(&]N;'D@=&\@9&5R:79A=&EV97









M;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M



@

M9!H87,@82!S:6=N:69I8V%N=!E9F9E8W0@;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R
M

M='

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M/3-$

M

M8W5M=6QA=&5D($]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE)B
X
C(Q.R`H
M)B
X
C(P.T%352`R
#$S+3`R)B
X
C(Q.RDN(%1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(')E


M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@





3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/E!R97-E;G0@*&5I

@

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@


@;F5W(')O;6%N








M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]










X
C$W.W
@8V]N

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C





M:6X@=&AE:7(@96YT:7)E='D@*&%S($QE=F5L(#$L($QE=F5L(#(L(&]R($QE
M=F5L(#
I(&1O97


@87)E(&5F9F5C=&EV


@82!S:6=N:69I8V%N


M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T




3!P=#MM

#M/


#M!4U4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R
M
#$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#`T#0H@




M(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P




M='5R92!A;F0@86UO=6YT(&]F('1H92!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%S('=E;&P@87
@

N(%1H
M92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&EN('1H:7
@05-5(&%R92!E9F9E8W1I=F4@9F]R(&9I

M92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF

CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y(&-O;'-P86X]
M

3

M
3
M

#M!
M4U4@
C`Q
RTP-28C.#(R





M;G0@:6YT;R!N970@:6YC;VUE+B!4:&4@05-5('!R;W9I9&5S('1H870@=&AE




M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\

M/3-$

M
#$S+3`W+`F(S@R,C`[3&EQ=6ED871I;VX@0F%S:7,@;V8@06-C;W5N=&EN
M9R8C.#(R,3L@*8C.#(R
#M!4U4@
C`Q
RTP-R8C.#(R
3LI+B!4:&4@05-5


@;V8@86-C

:7%U:61A






M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

CY);B!*=6QY
M(#(P
3

3
M








M8W1I8V4@:6X@=&AE('!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X





@;F]T(&)E96X@=71I;&EZ960N($]T:&5R(&5N=&ET:65S('!R

M:7)C=6US=&%N8V5S+B!4:&4@;V)J96-T:79E(&]F('1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S
M(&EN('1H:7


Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
3

M960@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!S=&%N9&%R9'



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C
O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



M/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXS+CPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I






M:W





@87)E(&AE;&0@9F]R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#8P



M('-A=FEN9W

M;F4@;F]T97

@9&5P;W-I=&5D(&EN('-I


M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?

O4VAE970Q

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4










M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3






M(`@/&(^5%)!1$4@04-#3U5.5%,@4D5#14E604),13PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$S/]U
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T1C96YT97(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q,CPO=3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

2PS-3`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-#DL

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

M


M(`@(`@(`@(`H-#
Y+#@W-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M



M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M=3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
M
S$O
C`Q
CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('9A

T0C139%1D9&('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H-#0S+#@Y
M.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#
W.2PV.3
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(T4V149&1B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3Y!9&1I=&EO;G,@=&\@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@V-PR,#4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-PP
C
-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D5N9&EN
M9R!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
M
#`@

24^)#PO

M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`@(#QP(&%L


`T*(`@(`@=&\-B`@(`@(#8P

@8W5S=&]M

M87)O=6YD#0H@(`@(`Y


@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=V]R
M:W


&8T-3DT83%?
M

O4VAE970Q
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@





3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0^)B

M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R


M

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L



M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO

B\S
M
2\R
#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O
M,C`Q,CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-C
W
M+#@P.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

V-PT*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


24^
M)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#$V,RPV-38-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,S,S+#0Q,0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
30Y+#
U
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$

M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M
T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P=#L@9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#4L-CDX+#`R,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-PX-C$L
C@P#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@



M;64@8F5C875S92!E;7!L;WEE97
@;6%Y('-P96YD('-E=F5R86P@;6]N=&AS





M;F=E;65N='


@=&\@96UP;&]Y965S(&9O


3L@=&\@=&AE




@87)E(&%D:G5S

M
2P@
C`Q





M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7-I



M
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3(\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^0VAE;BP@4VD\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

PT*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^66]U+!(=6%D;VYG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

24^
M)B


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

3(E


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-#DL
S4P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P


M-24^)B




3!P=#MM

M;G1S(&%R92!D:7-C;&]S960@87

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
F4Z
M(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@3VX@36%R
M8V@@
3
L(#(P
3$L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A;B!A9W)E

M96YT($=R;W5P($-O+BP@3'1D+B!T;R!S96QL('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W
M.W

M-S8T+#4W-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H4DU-#DL-C`T+#`P
D@;V8@82!P
M87)C96P@;V8@;&%N9!L;V-A=&5D(&EN($IU;F%N(%1O=VXL(%-H86YD;VYG


C`L
#`P
M+#`P


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
L(&$@=&]T86P@
M;V8@4DU-#(L,#(Y+#DU-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!H87
@8F5E;B!R96-E
M:79E9!A;F0@4DU

M
3

M8V]R9&EN9R!T;R!T:&4@8V]N=')A8W0L('1H92!#;VUP86YY('=I;&P@8F4@


PP,#`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@=VET:&EN#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X
M.3(V8C



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]




]

M92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T

M97

T0Q





#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T



M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
CPO=3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M;6%T97)I86QS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(V+#(V,BPR-S@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@,3@L-S`P+#@W.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^1FEN:7-H
M960@9V]O9',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$U+#8X-RPY-S4-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#$Y+#,W,2PX,C4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M8FQE)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@-#$L.34P+#(U,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4%)/4$525%DL(%!,04Y4($%.1!%455)4$U%



M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7-I



M

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N



M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-

@;V8@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(Z/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@(`\8G(O/@T*






38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$S/]U/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q,CPO=3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y!=!#
M;W-T.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M)B


M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L@)B

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`X,2PS,C4L-#(V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M
PQ-S(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M

PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT^)B

24^
M)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#$R+#@S-RPT-C,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,2PS-S0L-C,U#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.T]F9FEC

M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V.#$L
#8P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
S8S+#
P-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#4X,BPQ,C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

#`L
#@P

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24^)B
Q

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q
M-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#M=6EL9&EN9W,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H-RPY-S4L
M,C,X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A


M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@U+#DQ
2PY-S(-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.TQA;F1S8V%P:6YG+!P
M;&%N=!A;F0@=')E93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@*#(L,3`X+#8V,0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`H-BPY

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L@)B

M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H-3(T+#DS
M,0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H,C(Q+#@P,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@S-#`L

M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V

T1R:6=H

M+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@Q.PX,S@L-S,Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT


M;&ED.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#$T+#8Q,2PX-C8-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V

M


M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A



24^)B



M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@9&]U8FQE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`S
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



G
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`X-RPU-C$L


M=VED=&@Z(&UE9&EU;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@9&]U8FQE.R!B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`S)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q



T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#4E.R!F;VYT+69A












M
S$L(#(P
3



&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR
M-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E
M.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B

30N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C



]

M86QI9VX]









F4Z(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\

@;F5W(')O;6%N



M/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
M,B\S,2\R,#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

T1C96YT97(@

M

3(O
M
S$O
C`Q
CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A






T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V+#$Y
BPS-SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

38P

M:6YD96YT.B`M



3!P

M(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U
M,PY
#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T.2PS-C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@




MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-3DL-#DV#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


@


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

24^)B
Q

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-RPW
3(L.#DS#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@-BPS
#`L.3
Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

T0G
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M.B`Q

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M
24^)B

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@





M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H
2PP
#0L
M

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@




M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$V+#0P-RPU-#
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$







#$L


M/5].97AT4&%R=%\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V
M8C






M+51%4DT@0D%.2R!

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4TA/4E0M5$5232!04Y+($Q/04Y3(%M497AT($)L;V-K

M


M.B`Q


M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO

M=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

T0Q

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


24^)B

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R
M+S
Q+S(P
3
\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


B4^)B

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

M/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q,CPO=3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO



T0R
M)3XF(S$V



M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP('-T





3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
M
#L@)B


38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0Q


#
Q+#4V-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



@;F5W(')O;6%N

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#LF(S@R,C8[($EN=&5R
M97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U+C@X)2!P97(@86YN=6T[
M(&1U92`T+S$P+S(P,3,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-

M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2PQ-#(L-C4X#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@






3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@
M)B

3DO
C`Q
PT*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Y.3DL.#(U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C



T0Q
M

M
T0Q)3XF(S$V


T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[
M)B
X


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0Q

S0X+#DW
0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V




#L@)B
Q
M-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#LF(S@R,C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@


M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q)3XF(S$V

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[)B
X
M

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@



@;F5W(')O;6%N

M(`@(`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U
M+C@X)2!P97(@86YN=6T[(&1U92`T+S$U+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

3(Y+#(R
@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$

T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R



@;F5W(')O;6%N

M(`@(`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#LF(S@R,C8[($EN=&5R
M97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U+C@X)2!P97(@86YN=6T[
M(&1U92`T+S(S+S(P,30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PP.#@L
S`X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3XF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A



M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

3`E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#$U



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R`F
M(S$V
#L@)B

M
3
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

T0U)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$N-3$R)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$O.2\R
#$T#0H@

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M86QI9VX]





M
3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[


2\Q
\R,#$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#0W,BPX.3D-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L


M:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

B4^)B


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[)B
X
C(V

M86YN=6T@9'5E(#@O
CDO
C`Q
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF
M(S$V


24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

BPS.#`L-3
W#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

#L@)B

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

3`E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R
M+#0U-PX
S$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


Q
M-C`[/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


B4^
M)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M=6]T:6%N($)R86YC:#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M.B`Q

38P.R`F(S$V
M
#L@)B
Q-C`[)B
X

M(`@(`@.XT)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#,O,R\R,#$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-3@L
M-S`R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#LF(S@R
M
C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`X+C0E('!E

3
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#$U



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R`F
M(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT/B8C


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@,2PQ,3`L.3$W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M
38P.R`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=#XF(S@R
C8[/]F
M;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@



M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.PT*(`@



B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PV
S8L-34T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

3`E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M

M96YT.B`M



3!P=#LG

M;&]P;65N=!86YK/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@


B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@




#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=#XF(S@R
C8[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN

M;2!D=64@
2\S+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#8U-PV,C(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D



M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

T0G=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]



M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]


M(`@(`@/&D^0F%N:R!O9B!96EJ:6YG+#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V


B4^)B
Q

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@


M(`@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

C`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M(`@(`@(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QF;VYT/B8C.#(R-CL\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO



M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT



M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T0G=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

'!T

38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q
M-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0^)B,X,C(V.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L
3$P+#DQ-PT*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B

M;G5M(&1U92`Y+S8O
C`Q

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M


24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@


Q
M-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O
M;G0^)B
X


M

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

3`E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

35P=#L@

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@

S8P)2!P97(@
M86YN=6T@9'5E(#$O-B\R

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

3`E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

C$U#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3`E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q

M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M





B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]




#L@)B
Q-C`[

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-3@W+#`R-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P


M
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B


M
30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-C
V+#4U
M-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M97

M(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S


M(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R

M
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


@;F5W(')O

#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
RPQ-S0L
#0Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

M(&]F($YI;F=B;R`L/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@


Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

3`E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]


Q-C`[(8C
M,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0^)B
X
M


M
3
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

C0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M



T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2PV,S8L-34T#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

35P=#L@;6%R

M=&EM97

3!P=#LG/B8C

T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T



M
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF
M(S$V


M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE

L

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF


M.2\V+S(P
3
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



38P
M.R`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=#XF(S@R
C8[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`V+C8P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#DO
30O
C`Q
PT*(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG

M;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

Q-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q
M-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0^)B
X


M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M



3`E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@









T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

M(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=#XF(S@R,C8[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T
M(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,XR)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E

38O
C`Q
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3Y#/]T9#X-B`@


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(`@(`@(`@(`@
RPQ-S0L




#L@)B
Q-C`[
M(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=#XF(S@R,C8[
M/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@

#$S#0H@

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT
M97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/D(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

C0-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

38P.PT*(`@(`@


3`E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M


M(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#8S-BPU-30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

T0U)3XF(S$V

M;F-H/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V


M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T


Q-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V
M,#L@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N


O
C`Q-`T*(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L
30U+#4X.`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

B4@


M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

T0U)3XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG

M;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

Q-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q
M-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0^)B
X


B\R-R\R

M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-#DP+#DV-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@8F=C;VQO





#L\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L

M9W
@0F%N:R!O9B!#:&EN83PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]






3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@
M)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT/B8C.#(R-CL\


3$O
C8O
C`Q
PT*

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#8S-PX,3`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


Q-C`[
M/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V


M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V


B4^)B
Q-C`[

M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@


38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.#`Q+#DQ,@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@


M(`@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

\R,#$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C
#`P

M
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U,C,L-CDW#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


#`L-CDT#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M=&EM97










M(`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@03H@06-C;W5N='


@


M(&-O;&QA=&5R86P@9F]R('1H:7
@;&]A;@T*(`@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@(`@
M($



;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X
M.3(V8C



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

@4$%904)
15



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




M:61T:#TS1#4E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^
3`N/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-
MB`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L

M

M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3
\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$R/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1T







M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-3DR+#,T,0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`T

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`R+#4W
BPV-C
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S+#
W
PV
M-34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z




M=&AH;VQD:6YG/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V+#
T
M-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N


B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S
L-S8X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2PT.#4-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#0T,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@





M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-30L
M,3$R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-C0L
#8R#0H@(`@(`@

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-C4L-3(U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-#4T#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@




P
#`P
#`@

M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0L-#(R+#$S,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-2PP
M,#4L,S0V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q

O4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]


]




M/3-$










@04Y$($]4
M2$52(%!!64%3$4\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@




2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@


@;F5W(')O;6%N

#L\+W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
M,3(O,S$O,C`Q,SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

Q
M+S(P
3(\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#$U




@86YD('=A9V5S
M/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S+#$W-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@






'!E;G-E<SPO<#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4U+#8S.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]




T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

C$Y+#8S
`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z



3!P=#LG/D%C8W)U960@=')A;G-P;W)T871I;VX@
M97AP96YS97
\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-#0L,#8Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

CDP+#(R
M.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@

35P=#L@

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#LG/D]T:&5R(&%C8W)U

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P
RPX

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M97
\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

3@R+#
W.`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/@T*(`@(`@(`@

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN

M97


M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B


M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#@W+#`W.`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



C@U+#
P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@





T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P=#L@


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P


38P


&8T-3DT
M83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q
M8C@Y
C9B



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$4V0SX-


M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q



]



38P.SPO


T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

T0Q
#`E/@T*0D)0D\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*0D)0D)/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A

B\S
M
2\R
#$S/]U/B`\+VD^/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M#0H)0D)0D))B


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/@T*0D)0D)3QI/CQU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3(\+W4^(#PO:3X\+W1D/@T*0D)
M0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\+W1R/@T*0D)0D\='(^
M#0H)0D)0D\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H)0D)
M0D))B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M0D)0D)/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)
M28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^#0H)0D)0D))B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)
M0D)3QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X-@D)0D)0DF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\+W1R/@T*0D)0D\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*0D)0D)/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H)0D)0D))B


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H)0D)0D))B

M
B4^#0H)0D)0D))B

M
24^#0H)0D)0D))B

M
3(E/@T*0D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)3PO='(^#0H)0D)3QT

T1T;W`^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-@D)0D)
M0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B

#$S/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H)0D)
M0D))#PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[(T\+W1D/@T*0D)
M0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-@D)0D)0DD/]T9#X-
M@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)0DQ-3@L-S`R/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^#0H)0D)0D)
M)B


#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#L@)B
Q-C`[(#QF;VYT/B8C.#(R-CL\+V9O;G0^($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@

2\R
\R,#$S/]T9#X-@D)0D)

M3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS

T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

C`O
C`Q
M-#PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)
M0D)0D).3@Q+#DS
SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H)0D)0D)
M+3PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)3PO='(^

T1T;W`^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H)0D)0D)
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B

M0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H)
M0D)0D).3@Q+#DS,CPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*
M0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M0D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H)0D)0D)+3PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^#0H)0D)0D))B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-
M@D)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D

M0D\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)

T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M0D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
M@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X-
M@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-
M@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H)0D)0D))B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-@D)0D)0D\:3Y%;G1W:6-K;'5N9W-G97-E;&QS8VAA9G0@;6)(
M(@F(S@R
C`[1$5')B
X
C(Q.RD\+VD^/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H)0D)0D)
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)
M0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)28C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X-@D)0D)
M0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\+W1R/@T*0D)0D\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*0D)0D)/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H)0D)0D))B



M0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)2T\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

38P.SPO=&0^#0H)

T1T;W`^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.R8C,38P.R`\9F]N=#XF(S@R,C8[/]F;VYT/B!)

38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H)
M0D)0D)+3PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)
M0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/@T*0D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D)
2PX-S4L
M

38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-@D)0D)
M0DF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`\9F]N=#XF(S@R

O
M
34O
C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)
M28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)
M0D)
2PX-S4L

B4^#0H)
M0D)0D))B

24^#0H)
M0D)0D))B

B4^#0H)0D)
M0D))B

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R`\9F]N=#XF(S@R
C8[

M(#DO
34O
C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)

M)3X-@D)0D)0DQ+#@W-2PP,#`\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H)0D)0D))B

M0D)+3PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)3PO

M28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C139%1D9&('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)34L-S$S+#@V-3PO=&0^#0H)
M0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)
M0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-@D)0D)0DD/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D)-PR,C8L,3`W/]T9#X-@D)0D)





T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O

M@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*0D)
M0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)
M0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H)
M0D)0D))B

Q+S(P
3(\+W4^(#PO:3X\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X-
M@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\+W1R/@T*0D)0D\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*0D)0D)/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)

M3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)
M0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)
M0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)

T1T;W`^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H)0D)0D)/&D^16YT=VEC

M/CPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D

3(E/@T*
M0D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)

38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-
M@D)0D)0DF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C.#(R-CL@26YT

38\
M+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\

M+#`P
#PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)28C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)28C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H)0D)0D)
M,3`L,#DW+#,T,#PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)
M0D)28C

M3QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/@T*0D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)
M0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)28C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]



38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)
M0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
M@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*0D)0D\+W1R/@T*0D)0D\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*0D)
M0D)/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)
M3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*0D)0D)28C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@/&9O;G0^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N=#X@

#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M
24^#0H)0D)0D))B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-@D)0D)
M0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

24^#0H)0D)0D)
M)#PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]



M+#@S
3PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

38P





3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H)0D)2AA

#`@;VX@:71S(&QA;F0@86YD(&)U:6QD:6YG(&EN(&9A=F]R(&]F

T1T;W`^#0H)
M0D)/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^#0H)0D)2AB+BD\+W1D/@T*
M0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$.3`E

M4VD@0VAE;B!S:&%R97
@:6X@=&AE('-P;VYS;W(@:6X@=&AE(&%M;W5N=!O
M9B!A8F]U=!54T0Q
BPP
#`L

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^


B@Q*2AA*2DI('-H;W5L9!B92!A
M=!L96%S=!54T0R-PP
#`L
#`P+CPO=&0^#0H)0D\+W1R/@T*0D)/'1R

T0U)3X-@D)0D))B
Q



T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N


@

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(Z/]P/@T*0D)0D)3QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L

@;F5W(')O;6%N

T0Q
#`E/@T*0D)0D\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*0D)0D)/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[

35P=#L@;6%R

M=&EM97

3!P=#LG/@T*0D)0D)0DF(S$V
M,#L\+W`^#0H)0D)0D\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D)/&D^/'4^
3(O
M
S$O
C`Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT


B\S
2\R
#$R/]U/B`\+VD^/]T9#X-@D)
M0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^#0H)0D)0D))B








M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^#0H)0D)0D)
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)

B4^#0H)0D)
M0D))B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)
M0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H)
M0D)0D))B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*

M


M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@/&9O;G0^)B
X
C(V.SPO

T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)28C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D)
3
L
#DR+#0S
CPO=&0^#0H)0D)
M0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/@T*0D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H)0D)0D),3(L-CDV+#$Y-CPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*
M0D)0D)28C


#L\+W`^


M0D))B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

B4^#0H)
M0D)0D))B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*
M0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H)0D)0D))B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E

M(S$V


M+BP@3'1D+CPO:3X\+W`^#0H)0D)0D\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N

24^#0H)0D)0D)
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V

M
B4^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H)0D)0D))B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*

M


38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R`F(S$V
M
#L@/&9O;G0^)B
X


38\+W`^#0H)0D)0D\+W1D/@T*0D)
M0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V

V-2PU-#$\+W1D
M/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M0D)0D\+W1R/@T*0D)0D\='(^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-


@;F5W(')O;6%N

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H)0D)0D))B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)
M0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X-@D)0D)0DF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\+W1R/@T*0D)0D\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*0D)0D)/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H)0D)0D))B




M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)

38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)
M0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V

T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^#0H)0D)0D))B




38P.R`\9F]N=#XF(S@R


2\X+S(P
34\+W`^#0H)0D)0D\


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D)
M
38L
S8U+#4T
3PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

M9'1H/3-$
B4^#0H)0D)0D))B

M0D)0D)28C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D

M0D))#PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)30U+#@R,RPU,30\+W1D/@T*0D)
M0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H)0D)0D))#PO=&0^#0H)
M0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X-@D)0D)0DF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\+W1R/@T*0D)3PO=&%B;&4^#0H)3QP/@T*
M0D))B

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?
M-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B

3DN:'1M






]
M


T1T




!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z



M:68[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXQ
RX\+V(^


T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M;&4]



RP@
C`P-RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@

M;G1I;!T:')O=6=H($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#`W+B!);B!C;VYN96-T:6]N

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L
#
W+#@U.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@86YD#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`T.#DL
S










MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#(T.2PT-34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(&]F(&YE=R!S:&%R
M97

M;R!I='


38L-S$T+@T*





C`P.2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D#0H@(`@
M(`U-BPS.3

@96UP;&]Y





T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z



M

C`Q

-B`@(`@(#
L-#0P+#@P


C`Q

#$P+@T*(`@(`@-S




T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N



M9&1I=&EO;F%L('!A:60@=7`@8V%P:71A;!A;F0-B`@(`@(0R+#0T-2PR







@86YD(&EN




M=6-T:6]N(&]R(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M
T0Q(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0G

'!X.R!B


M93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0M=VED=&@Z(&UE9&EU;3L@8F]R9&5R+7)I




T0U)3XF(S$V

P
#`P

M='1O;3XF(S$V

M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
M
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7=I9'1H.B`Q)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
R4^27-S=6%N8V4@9&%T93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

P
M
#`P

M:61T:#TS1#$S)3Y3:&%R97

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M;&5F=US='EL93H@;F]N
M93L@8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0M=VED=&@Z(&UE9&EU;3L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT+7-T




T0U)3XF(S$V

M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`R
#`L
#`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3




3L@8F]R9&5R


M.B!M961I=6TG('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@



M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-38L
SDS#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R



M=VED=&@Z(&UE9&EU;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M)R!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/C$P+S(X+S(P
#D\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@-2PP,3$L,38Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@



M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
R4^
B\Q

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L




M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T
M:#H@;65D:75M)R!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M9'1H/3-$
3
E/CDO
3`O
C`Q
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S+#0T,PX
#`-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@



M86QI9VX]


M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^.2\R
R\R

M
3







3!P=#LG/DYE=R!S:&%R97

M(&-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^.2\R-\R


2PW





M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)3XU+S4O,C`Q,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R-2PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P

M9VX]



T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XW+S(P+S(P
3$\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^#0H@(`@(`@

6QE.B!N

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UC;VQO

#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@



T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^
3$O
C$O
C`Q
3PO=&0^#0H@

P
#`P

M(#$G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`S-BPP-S
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]


M/3-$(T4V149&1B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^)B
Q-C`[


M8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
#@L.#0P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@



T1B;W1T;VT^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T
M(#$R+S
Q+S(P
3
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T+#8Q-BPW
30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T

#L\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QD:78^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M9STS1#


3!P






T0G8F]R9&5R+71O



M93TS1=B;W)D97(M=&]P+6-O;&]R.B`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7=I
M9'1H.B`Q)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL




M(`@(`@(`@(`@(&]R(&]P=&EO;G
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^


#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P
M+7=I9'1H.B`Q)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^17AP:7)A
M=&EO;B!D871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M



M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PP

M.#4X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XU+S,O,C`P-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XU+S(O
C`Q
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\



M='1O;2US='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

M;R!P;&%C96UE;G0@86=E;G0@:6X@
C`P-R!025!%/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$
3

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/C4O
R\R

M9'1H/3-$
3
E/C4O
B\R
#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\





M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#


M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$S)3XW+S(W+S(P






M
T0U)3XF(S$V


M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@,2PW-3,L.3`Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$S)3XQ
\R.\R
#`Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3
E/C0O
C@O
M
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R



M=VED=&@Z(&UE9&EU;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M)R!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO

@:6X@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U,#$L,3$U#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)3XQ
\R.\R
#`Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T1L


#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3
E/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
R4^
2\U+S(P
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^
2\R+S(P
M





T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,R4^,2\U+S(P,3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R



T1L969T


#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#$P+#$T-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
R4^
2\U+S(P
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^
2\R+S(P
30\





T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

P
#`P
#`[(&)O

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]



M8V]L;W(]



&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T
M9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B
R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4V0SX-B`@(`@(#QT

M


#$S/&)R


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$





T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^
30N/]B/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI
M9VX]



3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH
M97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^3D].+4-/3E123TQ
24Y'($E.5$52
M15-44SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P


&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T
M9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B
R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4V0SX-B`@(`@(#QT



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
M


M/3-$
3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C$U+CPO8CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP

15
@0ED@4%)/1%5#
M5!465!%/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


M.B`Q




M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3(\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C


M=70\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@

#4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3(U
M+#$P
2PU.#4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D-O;G9E;FEE;F-E
M(&9O;V0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V,BPR,3,L-#,R#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT^

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

X+#
U-RPS-#@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\



M(`@(`@(#
T+#DY-BPX
#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/E1O
M=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&0@86QI9VX]

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(Q-2PR-SDL-S@U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E
2!C

2P@
M
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
CH\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D
M97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D

@;F5W

T0Q

M(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
M,3(O,S$O,C`Q,SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

T1C96YT97(@

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R
M+S
Q+S(P
3(\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^075S=')A;&EA/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4Y+#,Q-PT*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`X.2PU-S
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/D)E;&=I=6T\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T+#(Y-BPU-3,-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`V+#`T.2PX,C4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A


3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$T,BPV,C`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@

M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y#:&EN83PO=&0^

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-3,L.3(R
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M9VX]

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`R+#(X
BPR
C`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R+#
T-PX,C0-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
M+#(S,BPV-#@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT


M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`Q-C0L.3(Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,C$R+#$W-`T*(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^27-R865L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-38V+#8U
M,0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(W-RPP,C@-B`@(`@(`@


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
C4L

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

W+#DT
BPR.#8-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PV-C
L


M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
BPR
C$L.3DP#0H@(`@(`@

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#@P.PU
#4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T
S$L.#`X#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T,3,L-3(Y#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y0;VQA;F0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
M

M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,C$S+#DT,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^4&]R='5G86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S+#4U-RPR,S(-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W,3$L,#`V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y2=7-S:6$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
3@L-SDU
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^4VEN9V%P;W)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,BPT,3,L,3,W#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3Y3;W5T:!+;W)E83PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#DL,S,U
M+#@Q,0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$Q+#@T-2PT.3D-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$T-RPV-#@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/E1A:7=A;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`W-#(L-C8Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y4:&%I
M;&%N9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#8P-PR-C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y5;FET960@
M2VEN9V1O;3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L,C8Y+#DX-@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#(L-3$S+#8S-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L,S8Q+#8X,`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0Y-PV-S8-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/E9I971N86T\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$T+#8R,PT*(`@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^5&]T86P\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#(Q-2PR-SDL-S@U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

L
M-#8S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y
M-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$4V0SX-B`@(`@

3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@



T0P('-T

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-





M

M;G




@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(Z/]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S
M,2\R,#$R/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
C
L-30W+#
Y-`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M4SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`@*#(X-2PP-C(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@X
#(L-#$R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT^26YC;VUE(&)E

M(`@(`@(`@(#(S+#(V,BPS,S(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

CDL-#@Q+#0Q
@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V


RPW-38-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M;VX@9W)A;G1E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U+#4W,RPW-38-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M




38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI

M(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q,CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V



M97

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M,S0L-3,S+#@Q-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^4&5R('-H87)E(&5F9F5C=#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C





M/3-$





M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
SPO=3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$R/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,S4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M/3-$

M9VX]

M='


M(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2XP-4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(S+CDV)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(V+C(U)0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



3!P=#LG

2P@









@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@=&AE(&YE=R!T87@@;&%W




T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#4E.R!F;VYT


2!H87

@;F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L

N(%1H92!C;VUP86YY(&%N=&EC:7!A=&5S('1H870@
M=&AE(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@=VET:&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S('=I;&P@



M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#LG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY
M)B
X
C$W.W


M=6)S:61I87)I97
@9F]R(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@:6X@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1N;W=R
M87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XR,#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M/'4^
C`Q



T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`P)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T/DIU;F%N($AO;F=R=6X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@,C4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D




;W)A:6X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M

M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B


M(`@(`@
C4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M1&QE9G0^0F5I:FEN9R!

C4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q

M=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,C4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I
M9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`R-24-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X
M.3(V8C







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M

@;F5W(')O

T0Q







M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


M:&%R92!W97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@






M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@

35P=#L@

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#LG/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3,\
M+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


M(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$R/]U
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M97

M(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V


M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

24^)B

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

M

M;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.TYE=!);F-O
M;64\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$V+#8S,RPX.34-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`R,PT
C(L-C8X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R
PT,C(L-C8X#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE



M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]



M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@,C`L-#(R+#8V.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


M
RPX.34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

PT,C(L-C8X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[


24^)B
Q-C`[


M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A

M9VX]


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

3(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M:6YD96YT.B`M



3!P
M=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^061D:71I;VYS(&9R;VT@06-T

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^)B


T1L





T+#8Q-BPW
30-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]

T+#4S
RPX

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V




T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#,T+#8Q-BPW,30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M97

M:6QU=&EV92!3:&%R97
Z/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@





M93H@


\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

24^)B
Q-C`[


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M




T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T0G=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M

M9&EN9SH\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M1#$E/B8C

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S0L-3
S+#@Q-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^







24^
M)B


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M1#4E/B8C







T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
XU.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T0G=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`P+C0X
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\




#L\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE

L


M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T+#4S
RPX

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V




M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S-PV
38L-S$T

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S0L-3
S+#@Q-PT*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C


M
&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W
M7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B

C0N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M



M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3

M=&]P/E-(05)%($)!4T5$($-/35!%3E-!5$E/3B!;5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D



3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O


M(#QB/C$X+CPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@

M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T





M('1H92!!;65R:6-A;B!

C`P.2!);F-E;G1I







M;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
#DL('1H92!#;VUP
M86YY(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@=&]T86P@;V8@)#$V-BPS-#8-B`@(`@(&]F('-H
M87)E9!B87-E9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@97AP96YS92X@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@

-B`@(`@
M(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97
N(%1H97-E('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G

S
N
S


@


M
#D-B`@(`@('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;B!A;F0@:71S(')E;&%T960@9V5N97)A


M


M/'`@86QI9VX]



M97(@
S$L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1I9!N;W0@9W)A;G0@86YY('-T
M;V-K(&]P=&EO;BX\+W`^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]




@;V8@=&AE('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@



3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O

M:'0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^4')I8V4@4F%N9V4\+W4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D



T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

2PS


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(0U+C`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M+2`D.2XY.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$-#8E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!S:&%R97,-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#0V)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`P#0H@(`@

M=VED=&@]
T0S)3XF(S$V




3!P




M(&]P=&EO;G


M87-S=6UP=&EO;G

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A

M:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@9W)A;G1S.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W


V
CD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

#D-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#`N
S
E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`P+CDV)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^17AP96-T


M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U.2XY,R4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0N
M-3@E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`S-BXP,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S8N
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C



E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
M
C9B



]
T1R

T1)1#!%-D



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DQ%05-%($-/34U)5$U%3E13(%M497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^

T0G8F]R




M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@




MB`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^

M
2P@
C`Q


T0P(&-E

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F




T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/D9R;VT\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^5&\\+W4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M

M=US='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=3Y,96%S92!P87EM96YT/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^
2\Q+S(P
30\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XQ+S$O
M,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$
34E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@



M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$V
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/C$O
2\R
#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^,3(O,S$O,C`Q
M-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

M:6=H=UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.3(L-C@U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/C@O.2\R
#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=

#`P


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M86QI9VX]

P
#`P


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@;65D:75M(&YO;F4@(S`P
#`P
#L@.R!B;W)D
M97(M;&5F=US='EL93IN;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M;&5F=UW:61T:#IM961I=6T[




2P@
C`Q
R!W87

3`E.R!F;VYT



@
M9F]R('1H:7

S$L(#(P
3(@87)E('-H

M9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$



T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N




T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M


M9VX]

2\Q+S(P
3

T0Q-24^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
SPO=&0^

M-F5F9F8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#@W
M+#4S-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M/C$O,2\R,#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,30\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#DR+#8X-0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/C$O,2\R,#$U
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$,34E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#DR+#8X-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/C$O,2\R,#$V/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H
M/3-$,34E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,38\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#DR+#8X-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F/C$O,2\R,#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#DR+#8X-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T/C$O,2\R,#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/C@O.2\R,#$X/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C


0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9F8@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('-T


M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z(#
G('=I9'1H/3-$


M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B



3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@
M5&AE(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&QE87-E(&-O;6UI=&UE;G0@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P

M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG





M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!T





@;VX@07!R:6P@
C4L(#(P
S

C`S
RP@86YD
M($IU;F4@
3DL(#(P
S

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
M


2P@
C`Q

M:6X@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L97
Z/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO=W)A

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\


M(`@(`@/'4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@1W)E96YH;W5S90T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1N;W=R

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO=W)A

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@1W)E96YH;W5S90T*(`@(`@






M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S@L
3(X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

3(O
S$O
C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.34L
3$T#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XQ+S$O
C`Q
M-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F=C;VQO

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
M
2PS
SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XQ+S$O
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$U
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
C@-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


2\Q+S(P
34\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

2\Q+S(P
38\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

24^
M)B

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

24^
M)B

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
M
B\S
2\R
#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Q,2PS,SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XQ+S$O,C`Q
M-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`W.PQ,C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M.4^
2\Q+S(P

M=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M+#$Q-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
2PS
SD-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XQ+S$O
C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]



M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


24^)B

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$X

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#DU+#$Q-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

2\Q+S(P
3@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

2PS
SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XQ+S$O
C`Q.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C
M96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`@(`@(`@(#DU+#$Q-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

2\Q+S(P
3D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
M
B\S
2\R
#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
M
C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

2\Q+S(P
C`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#DU+#$Q-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,2PS,SD-B`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ,C@-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
2\Q+S(P
C$\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^,2\Q+S(P,C$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
2PS
SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

M8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XQ+S$O
M
C`R
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F=C

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO



M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#DU+#$Q-`T*(`@(`@(`@

B4^)B
Q-C`[

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

2\Q+S(P
C(\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

B4^)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Q
2PS
SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XQ+S$O
C`R
SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
M
#(S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`X-2PW
M-S,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
2\Q+S(P
M
C
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

BPU

T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C
M96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/C$O
2\R

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3(L,#DW#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.#DL,C@Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
#4L
M-C@S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XQ+S$O
C`R-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/C$O
M
2\R

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`@(`@(`@(#@Y+#(X.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@,3`U+#8X,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

2\Q+S(P
C4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
M
#(U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`X.2PR.#D-B`@

24^)B
Q

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
M
2\R

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(#$P-2PV.#,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/C$O
2\R

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

3(O
S$O
C`R-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3(L-S4W#0H@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
2\Q+S(P

M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.#DL,C@Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

3(O
S$O
C`R-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,#4L-C@S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#@Y+#(X.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`U+#8X
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R


M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F


M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`X.2PR.#D-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P-2PV.#,-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT
M97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/C$O,2\R,#(Y/]T9#X-

3(O
S$O
C`R.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3(L-S4W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^

T1B
M;W1T;VT^
2\Q+S(P
S`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C

3(O
S$O
C`S
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.#DL
C@Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
#

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

3(O
S$O
C`S
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,#4L-C@S
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/C$R+S
Q+S(P
S`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V




C`S
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

C@Y#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

3(O
S$O
C`S
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0X)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3`U+#8X,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
M

M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M
T0Q)3XF(S$V


C@Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
M.4^,3(O,S$O,C`S,CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M1D8@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`U+#8X

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

2\Q+S(P
S(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T



C`S
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C
M96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$.4^-\R-2\R
#
S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0R+#(V,0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C
M96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`S
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M1#@E/C4O
3DO
C`S
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M
PS,C(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

#
S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4L-3,P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1D8@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M/3-$(T4V149&1B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-C


T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M-D5&1D8@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P







E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q
M8C@Y
C9B


]
M

T1)1#!%-D
^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-50E-%455%3E0@159%3E13(%M497AT($)L;V-K73PO

T0G

M(`@/&(^,C`N/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8V]L


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I





M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y

L


C`Q-P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=&AR
M;W5G:!I='


M82!296ET97)A=&EV92!3:&%R92!0=7)C:&%S92!!9W)E96UE;G0@=VET:!


M-S4P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!S:&%R97

M8V4@;V8@)B
X
S8T.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@-#DU+#`P





Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J

M=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG




`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


#M!
M=&AE;F$F(S@R


PP,#`-B`@


D@=VEL
M;!B92!P87EA8FQE('=I=&AI;@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

@;V8@=&AE(&5X96-U=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@26YT:7)A:6UI(%!U

M-C0[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U
#`L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H;W(@87!P

S4P*2`H)B
X

M;G0F(S@R

C`Q
M-2!I9B!C97)T86EN(&-O;F1I=&EO;G



M;V8@)B
X
S8T.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PP
#`L




M
3(L-S4P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!S:&%R97
L(&]R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U
M



M;G0N#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/]T

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@




C`[0W5R

M(&%S(&ET(')E;&%T97


M



@:&%V92!A9V%I;G-T


@9F]R('1H92!B96YE9FET(&]F('1H92!#=7)R96YT






M=!S:&5L;&EN9R!M86-H:6YE(&%T('1H92!#86-O=FEN(&9A8VEL:71Y+!A
2!!=&AE;F$[#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO<#X-B`@(`@(#PO;&D^#0H@(`@(`\;&D@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF




X
C$W.W
@









M97








M=&EM97


M(S@R

[/]P/@T*(`@(`@/]L:3X-B`@(`@(#QL:2!S

T0G



3`E







D
2PR
M
3DL
C



@=6YD






M.B`Q

#$T

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@



#$T('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W



M;B`H)B
X
C(P.S(P
30@4&QA;B8C.#(R
3LI+B!3=6)J96-T('1O(&%D:G5S
M=&UE;G0@87

30@4&QA;BP@=&AE('1O=&%L


M9!A=F%I;&%B;&4@9F]R(&1E;&EV97)Y(&EN(&-O;FYE8W1I;VX@=VET:!A
M=V%R9'
@=6YD97(@=&AE(#(P

RPP
M
#`L

M;VYS(&=R86YT960@=6YD97(@=&AE(#(P
30@4&QA;BX@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@



M(#0R
B!O9B!T:&4@26YT97)N86P@4F5V96YU92!#;V1E(&]F(#$Y.#8L(&%S
M(&%M96YD960N(%1H:7
@

M

X




M;7


M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B

N/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y('-T



3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@


M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V


M
#M.;W1E)B
X
C(Q.RD@:6X@=&AE('!R:6YC:7!A;!A;6]U;G0@;V8@55,D
M,RXU#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!M:6QL:6]N(AT:&4@)B
X
C(P.U!R:6YC:7!A


M





RP@

M
RP@
C`Q-2`H)B
X
C(P.TUA='5R:71Y($1A=&4F(S@R



3
L(#(P
30@=&AA
M=!I=!E;&5C='
@=&AE(&UA='5R:71Y(&1A=&4@;V8@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#$S

M960@=&\@36%R8V@@
3
L(#(P
34N#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


'!T



RP@



M;64@=&\@=&EM92!P=7)S=6%N=!T;R!T:&4@=&5R;7,@86YD(&-O;F1I=&EO
M;G,@;V8@=&AE($YO=&4@*8C.#(R
#M#;VYV97)S:6]N(%!R:6-E)B
X
C(Q



M86YC92!W:71H(%-E8W1I;VX@
3

3L@:7
-B`@(`@



@;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T






M9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4








]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@8F]R



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^02X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M93H@
3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^0W)E

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C









M/3-$









T0U)3XF(S$V
M

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T0G




M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B

@;F5W


@87)E(&-O

M9V5S(&EN('1H92!P;VQI=&EC86PL(&5C;VYO;6EC+!A;F0@;&5G86P@96YV
M:7)O;FUE;G1S(&EN('1H92!04D,N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\






38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V






Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI
M9VX]



3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH






Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^12X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M
3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^26YF;&%T

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D





M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
M
#%A
6(X.3(V8C

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O






M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q



]
'0^)SQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$





T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM87)G

@9V5N97)A

N





M4W1A=&5S(&]F($%M97)I8V$@86YD(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!C;VYS:7-T96YT;'D@


M:7
@;V8@86-C;W5N=&EN9RX\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-


M(#











M/3-$-24^)B


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S


MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@



@87)E(&-O;7!I;&5D(&EN(&%C


@:&%V92!B965N(&5L:6UI;F%T960N(%1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T
M960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:6YC;'5D90T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M


[(&]W

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


'!T

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
L('1H

M86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M

M=&EM97

T0Q
#`E/@T*

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y0;&%C92!O9CPO:3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QI/E)E9VES=&5R960\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&YO

#L\


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^3F%M92!O9B!#;VUP86YY/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^:6YC;W)P;W)A=&EO;CPO:3X-

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]





M

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3Y04D
\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M(`@(`@(#@P+C(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

RPR
S@L

#L\+W1D

3`P#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`T+#$T-2PQ.34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M





T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#0X+#DV-2PV.3@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]


=&0N
M/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-C,V+#4U-`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M=&EM97


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F=C

#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L

=&0N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C
M96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`Q,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@




\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-3`L.3(W+#4Q.`T*(`@(`@(`@

B4^)B
Q-C`[


]


M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]


M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@




@
M870@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&%N9!T

@


]
T1T97AT



3`P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAD*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P

M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V



M='


M

]

M9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@(`@(#QT



M=&EM97

M;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/DEN=F5S=&UE;G0@

M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C



M(&YE87(@=&5R;2X@06QL('-E8W5R:71I97
@;F]T(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN('1R

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




M;G


M
M:61E;G1I9FEC871I;VX@8F%S:7

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]




3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/D$@9&5C;&EN92!I;B!T:&4@




@8VAA



M=&AE('-E=F5R:71Y(&%N9!D=7)A=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@:6UP86ER;65N=P@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J

M=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG





M=&]P/E1R861E(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S(%M0;VQI8WD@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D



3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QP
F4Z(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN
M.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/E1R861E(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S
M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO<#X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P




M(&%M;W5N='

@


]

]

M9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@(`@(#QT



M=&EM97

M;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S

M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*







@







M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$


\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@

M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D




M;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


C`E
M(&]F('1H92!T;W1A;!A;6]U;G0@8V]N=')A8W1E9!F;W(N(%1H:7
@='EP


M92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


M+!A=!W:&EC:!P;VEN=!T:&ES(&%C8V]U;G0@:7




38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


]




M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/&D^*&DI/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J

M=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG


M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B



!S='EL93TS1=B


M86XL=&EM97

4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^0G5I;&1I;F=S/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A

M

M:61T:#TS1#(P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,S`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M)B

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q




T0T
M
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1A
M8FQE/@T*(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M=&@]
T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C


]

]

M=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-







M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P



M='

M97!R96-I871I;VX@:7


M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

86YD(%5S
M92!2:6=H='


T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B

M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&LI/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T

M97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@




M0FQO8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'1A8FQE






4^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@



M:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C



X
C(Q.RD@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
@0V]D:69I
M8V%T:6]N(@F(S@R,C`[05-#)B,X,C(Q.RD@4W5B=&]P:6,@,S8P+3$P+3,U
M+`F(S@R







M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C



@87-S971S(&1U



]

]

M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$




M(`@(#QI/BAM*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*





38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




M8V]S='

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@







Q


F4Z(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QI/E-H:7!P:6YG(&%N9!H86YD;&EN9SPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M


@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/B8C



T0G

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&\I
M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM87)G
M:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^4F5S96%R8V@@86YD(&1E

MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B




M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V


M;G0@8F5N969I='


T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R

M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*'`I/]I/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J

M=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG

M(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@


'!T.VUA

M86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M

M=&EM97

T0Q
#`E/@T*
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/&D^*'$I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^

M1#4E/B8C


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@


@9F]R(')E8V]G;FET:6]N(&]F


@;V8@

M;W5N='




@86)L92!T;R!R96%L:7IE('1H

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M4T
@5&]P:6





@9&5F
M97)R960@=&%X97


@86QS

@:68@:70@:7
@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V



M=&%X(&AO;&ED87D@=VAI8V@@:7

M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#`W+B!(;W=E=F5R+!04D

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C



@:6X@=&AE

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1N;W=R87`@



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M=3Y2871E/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO=W)A

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3Y/=F5R/]U
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^0G5T($YO=!/=F5R/]U
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^3V8@06UO=6YT($]V97(\
M+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M1#$P)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`P

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-3`L

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U
M
PP,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W-2PP,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`U,PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S-4-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S4L,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3`P+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
Y
M)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,#`L,#`P
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S
U+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M
PP,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S-4-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S
U+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

24^)B
Q-C`[


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P+#`P
PP,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`S,S4L,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M,S4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P+#`P
M,PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-2PP
#`L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@,3`L,#`P+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M

M(`@(#,X)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-2PP
#`L
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3@L
S
S+#
S
PT*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

24^
M)B


PP,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M9VX]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S-24-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@,3@L,S,S+#,S,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@





T0P(&-E;&QS

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT



M1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M


M


\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*

M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V



@86YD(&EN8W)E

BPR-C0L-#(P


M
2P@
C`Q



M(&5Q=6%L('1O#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]

M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]



M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C

F4Z(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SY4:&4@86-C;VUP86YY:6YG
M(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&%R92!P<F5S96YT960@:6X@56YI=&5D





M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$S/]U/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

Q+S(P
3(\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F


D(&5X8VAA;F=E(')A=&4\+W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-BXQ
3`T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@(#8N,S`Q,0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q





T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

#
T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*



3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@

M=&EM97













M-24^)B




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI
M9VX]



3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH
M97)I=#LG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY)W


M8G5L;&5T:6X@*%-!0BD@







38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-


-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$E('-A;&5S(&EN8V5N=&EV92!T



M86-C;W)D:6YG;'DN($=I=F5N('1H92!C:7)C=6US=&%N8V5S(&]F(&AO=R!T

@:6YC96YT:79E('!R;V=R86TL('1H

M87

M;'5D97

M979E;G5E)B
X
C(Q.RX@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&-O;G-I9&5R960@=&AE
M(&=U:61A;F-E(&EN($9!4T(@05-#(#8P-2TU


@:6YC96YT:79E('!R;V=R86T@



]

]
M


M/3-$

M1#4E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAU*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@



M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M


@







M92!P97)I;V0@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3


M('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$P+`T*(`@(`@(`@


M960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
#DL#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#





M92!I9B!T:&4@;6%R:V5T('!R:6-E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@
M8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&5X8V5E9'


M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/]T


#M%4%
F(S@R
M


C`[16%R;FEN
M9W

X
C(Q.R`H)B
X
C(P.U-&05

M(@F(S@R,C`[4T%(#DX)B
X
C(Q.RDN(%-&05


M=F5R86=E(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97

M;V0N($1I;'5T960@15!3(&ES('-I;6EL87(@=&\@8F%S:6


I(&%S(&EF







M;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B

@

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/]T






M


M0R!4;W!I8R`X




M;G0@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@96%C:!Q=6%L:69Y(&%S(&9I;F%N8VEA;!I;G-T



@;F5W




M=&EM97

M)SY





M93H@








M/'`@86QI9VX]


2!A<W-E='
@


M.B`Q

#H\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M

@;F5W(')O

T0Q

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/D%C=&EV92!-87)K971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/E-I9VYI9FEC

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/DEN

T1C96YT97(@;F]W

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


\+W1D


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

M
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XH3&5V96P@
RD\+W1D/@T*



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(S$V

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M,S,L.#4W+#$Y,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@


3DS#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M4F5S=')I8W1E9!#87-H/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

BPY.#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q

B4^)B

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


PQ.#(-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

Q
M-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M.B`C
#`P



#`P

M
S4L-S`P+#$X
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M


M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D9I;F%N8VEA;!L

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

B4^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@


M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

#L-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/E1O=&%L(&9I;F%N8VEA;!L

T1L969T

P
#`P
#`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q
M-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@

M9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C


T0P('-T

3!P=#L@

2P@
C`Q
CH\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q


M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M


M86QI9VX]

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M


T1C

M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@

M:6=N:69I8V%N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@;F]W

M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C

M1#$P)3Y);G!U='
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO


M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^*$QE=F5L(#(I/]T


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^*$QE=F5L(#,I/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^5&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S(L
S0U+#8P
M
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3`E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`S,BPS-#4L-C`S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT^4F5S=')I8W1E

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

3`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`S+#DY.PY-38-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


B4^)B

M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

V+#

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

S8L
S0T+#4U
M.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D9I;F%N8VEA;!L:6%B:6QI=&EE

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3XF(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@



M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/E1O=&%L(&9I;F%N8VEA;!L:6%B:6QI=&EE


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
M
#`@

24^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
M
#`P
#`@

24^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C



]

M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$




M(`@(#QI/BAW*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*





M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C



]


]


M9'1H/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E

M(`@(`@(#QI/D-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B

@;F5W


M8VQU9&4@86QL(&-H86YG97






M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E



2P@
C`Q
R!A
M;F0@
C`Q



]





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M86X]




M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/@T*(`@(`@

M=&EM97


C`Q
M
RP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.;RX@
C`Q
RTP
2P-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QI/B8C.#(R
#M#;&%R:69Y:6YG('1H92!38V]P92!O9B!$:7-C;&]S

C`[05-5(#(P
3
M
#$F(S@R



C`Q
2TQ

M:79A=&EV97







@:6X@


M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S



C`[4F5P;W)T:6YG(&]F($%M;W5N='


M.#(R

M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T0G



M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@









M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]





34L(#(P


M:65S+B!-86YA9V5M96YT(&1O97


M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@





C`Q
RP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.;RX@
C`Q
RTP
M
RP@)B
X

#M!4U4@
C`Q
RTP
R8C.#(R
3LI+B!4

@


M;W(@:71E;7


M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V




M93H@
3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@26X@36%R
M8V@@
C`Q
RP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.;RX@
C`Q


@9F]R(%=H:6-H('1H92!4;W1A

M(`@(8C.#(R
3LI+B!4:&4@=7!D871E('!R;W9I9&5S(&=U:61A;F-E(&9O






@1T%!4X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


M;R!M96%S=7)E('1H;W-E(&]B;&EG871I;VYS(&%S('1H92!S=6T@;V8@=&AE



L(&%N


34L(#(P
3

M;W0@97AP96-T('1H92!A9&]P=&EO;B!O9B!T:&ES('-T86YD87)D('=I;&P@


M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1J=7-T:69Y(&-O;'-P86X],T0R/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/DEN($UA

3

3
M

#M!4U4@
C`Q
RTP
M-28C.#(R



M970@:6YC;VUE+B!4:&4@05-5('!R;W9I9&5S('1H870@=&AE(&-U;75L871I




M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\

#M


M:6YG('=H96X@;&EQ=6ED871I;VX@:7

M('=O=6QD(&)E(&-O;G-I9&5R960@:6UM:6YE;G0@=VAE;B!T:&4@;&EK96QI











@=&%K92!E




S$L(#(P
M
3


M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G
N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P



M


M=&EN9R!


C$[(&1O
M97
@;F]T(&EN8VQU9&4@97AP;&EC:70@9W5I9&%N8V4@;VX@=&AE(&9I;F%N

N(%-O;64@96YT:71I97
@









38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P

@;V8@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3


@;F]T('EE=!A9&]P=&5D
M('1H870@=V]U;&0@:&%V92!A(&UA=&5R:6%L(&5F9F5C=!O;B!T:&4@0V]M

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D
M9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C


T0G


^#0H@(`@(`\





#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]


]




T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO=W)A


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R




M+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q





T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

M:6]N/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M


M86P\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]




;W)A:6X@0V\N+!,=&0N/]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,3,L,C,X+#`T,`T*(`@

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QP

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#$U



3!P=#LG/DQU;W1I86X@3&]R86EN($-O+BP@3'1D+CPO

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,#`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`T+#$T-2PQ.34-B`@(`@(`@


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M




M9X\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
3`P#0H@

B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN

M97



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/E!20SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
M,#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#8S-BPU-30-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/]T

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E


M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

T1C96YT97(@8F=C;VQO

M(`@(`@(#$P
`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

24^
M)B



M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@,3`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@

3`E/B8C


M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P,`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#4P+#DR-RPU,3@-B`@(`@(`@



]





!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


M97

4^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^0G5I;&1I;F=S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N


M
T0T
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B


C`E/@T*

-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!N;W=R87`]
T1N

M=&0@86QI9VX]


M(S$V


3`E/B8C


T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
M
T0R
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-0T*(`@(`@(`@('EE87)S#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E
M/B8C


T1T;W`^4V-H


T0P

3!P



M)3XF(S$V



M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


#L\+W1D


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



M86QI9VX]


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#`-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`U,PP
#`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`P#0H@(`@(`@

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B8C

C4E#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

`T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C


T)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W-2PP,#`-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,#`L,#`P
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-S4L
M,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,SDE#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

34E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#$P,PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`S
S4L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3XF(S$V

M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`S
S4L

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@
3`L
#`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B


S-2PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S-24-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
3`L
#`P+#`P
`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

PP,#`-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,PP
#`L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@

M86QI9VX]


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$U+#`P,PP
#`-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q.PS
M,S,L,S,S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#
U)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q.PS
S
L
S
S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

34E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

]


M9V4@17AC:&%N9V4@4F%T97




!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


M97

4^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q
M+S(P
3
\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S
M,2\R,#$R/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F





M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(#8N
3$P-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@-BXS,#$Q#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M92!Y96%R;'D@4DU(#H@55,D(&5X8VAA;F=E(')A=&4\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`V+C$Y

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#8N
S`S-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@1FEN







M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V

2P@
C`Q
SH\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/E%U;W1E9!I;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO=W)A




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M

M:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N


M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


\

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


T1C

M1#$E/B8C

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y&:6YA;F-I86P@87-S
M971S.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


3`E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y#87-H/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@

S+#@U-RPQ.3
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

3`E

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A

M

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@
2PX-#(L.3@Y#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
S4L-S`P+#$X
@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^1FEN86YC:6%L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

24^)B
Q-C`[

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C


M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@
M(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

24^)#PO

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D%T($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/D%C
M=&EV92!-87)K971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R



38P.SPO

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/E-I9VYI9FEC86YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1C96YT

M/B8C

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M9VX]



T1C96YT

M/B8C

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO



\+W1D


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


T1C96YT

M/B8C

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XH3&5V96P@



T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

T1C96YT97(@;F]W

38P

M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XH3&5V96P@
RD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^1FEN86YC:6%L(&%S

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B

M#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^0V%S:#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S,BPS-#4L-C`S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B

T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S,BPS-#4L-C`S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^4F5S=')I8W1E9!#87-H/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S+#DY.PY-38-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1R

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

3`E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#,L.3DX+#DU-@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

3`E
M/B8C

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#,V+#,T-PU-3D-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#,V+#,T-PU-3D-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

3`E
M/B8C

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@

M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P





T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3Y4;W1A;!F:6YA;F-I86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@

M

M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@

M

M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@

M

M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@

M

M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


'0O:'1M;#L@




T0Q


#$S/&)R/CPO

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M

@;F5W(')O

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
M
B\S
2\R
#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$R/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M5')A9&4@86-C;W5N='

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U-PU,3$L,S4P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3Y
97-S/]U/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^.CPO:3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@($%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
-B`@(`@

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M(`@(`@(`@(@T

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

L.#DX#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`T.PW,S0L,#$W#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C
M96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3,\+W4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P
M,3(\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

Q

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V
M149&1B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H-#0S+#@Y
M.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C139%1D9&('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(@S
M-SDL-CDS#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^061D:71I;VYS('1O(&%L;&]W86YC93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`T+#`R
PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
M
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B

S$N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$


]

M86QI9VX]

@6U1A



M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7-I



M

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R
M,#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(`@(`\=3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$R/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N


24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`V

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

V-PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-C,L-C4V
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#,R
M-BPR-S`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
S
S
M+#0Q
0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@



M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-#DL
S4P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#DY+#(V


M96-E:79A8FQE/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$


C$R#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

35P=#L@

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#LG/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0@86QI9VX]

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#4L-CDX+#`R
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^





M/3-$





M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$S/]U/@T*

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M
B\S
2\R

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`V
M-RPU
C
-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS



MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M-24^)B


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$T.2PS-3`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

B4^
M)B

&8T-3DT83%?
M
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
M
C9B



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E



]



T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@
M;V8@26YV96YT;W)I97



!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L


L


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

B\S
2\R
#$R/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q.PW

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y&:6YI


M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M


M9&]U8FQE)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$
B4^)B


&8T
M-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
M
6$Q8C@Y
C9B

S




^+RH@1&\@


$4V


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P




!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z



M:68[)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

B\S
2\R
#$R/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@




M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[
M(8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`X
2PS
C4L-#(V#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q


M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L@)B,Q
M-C`[(8C
38P.TQA;F1S8V%P:6YG+!P;&%N=!A;F0@=')E93PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG

M
B4^)B


M(`@(`@(`@-RPY-#,L-C`U#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.TUA8VAI

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
3(L.#
W+#0V
PT*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,2PS-S0L-C,U
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`V.#$L,#8P
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#,V,RPS,#8-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[36]T;W(@=F5H
M:6-L97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U.#(L
3(X#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#@S.2PX-S0-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`V+#0P

B4^)B
Q-C`[


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Y.2PR-3$L
M-3DR#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3Y,97-S
M/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Z#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(!!8V-U;75L871E9!D97!R96-I871I;VX-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L@)B

S@-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(@U+#DQ

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.TQA;F1S
M8V%P:6YG+!P;&%N=!A;F0@=')E93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(@S+#`X,2PS-CD-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@*#4L.#0R+#DT-@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[3V9F:6-E(&5Q=6EP
M;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(@U,C0L.3,Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H,C(Q+#@P,`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M


T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I

M97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H
3@L.#

T1L969T

M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V


M+7=I9'1H.B`Q)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`H

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

3L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@;65D
M:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&


M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]


M;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R

M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@9&]U8FQE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`S
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T0G8F]R9&5R+71O


M(#
G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M='1O;2US='EL93H@9&]U8FQE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`S)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C
O5V]R:W-H



M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R


]


]





M(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3,\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@



86YD('5S92!R:6=H='

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$W
M+#8P

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#8L,3DR+#,W.0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]





M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U
PY,#D-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@

M=V%R92P-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^870@8V]S=#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U.2PT.38-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

35P=#L@;6%R

M=&EM97

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@


24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Q-RPW
3(L.#DS#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#8L
S`P+#DS.0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B



24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@



\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M.@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@($%C8W5M=6QA
M=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@*#$L
M
S`U+#
U
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`H
2PP
#0L

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]


M=&EM97

M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
M

24^)#PO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-BPT

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L92<@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-2PR.38L-C8X#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU
M7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C

U+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M5$5232!04Y+($Q/04Y3(A486)L97



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

3`E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QU/E)E;6%R:SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

3(O
S$O
C`Q
SPO
M=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T0Q

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0G
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M.B`Q

;V%N(&9R;VT@2G5N86X@0V]U

M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B




T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS


M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN

M9'5E(#$O.\R,#$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO

T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

T0Q
4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2PP
S$L-38W#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M
T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P=#L@9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q

#L@)B


T0Q)3XF(S$V

M=&@]
T0Q

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$L,30R
M+#8U.`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[)B
X
C(V.R!)

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Y.3DL.#(U#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M
T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P=#L@9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q

#L@)B


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O

T0R)3XF(S$V

T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-C
T+#@Q
`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V

35P=#L@;6%R

M=&EM97

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M)B

M871E(&%T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U+C@X)2!P97(@86YN=6T[(&1U92`U+S$W
M+S(P
3
-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`Q+#,T.PY-S$-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R






38P

M97(@86YN=6T[(&1U92`R+S(Q+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#0L,#DQ+#,X
M-@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@

M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-


@;F5W(')O;6%N

M(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C


24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$L
30U+#4X.`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@


#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN

M9'5E(#0O
34O

T1C


M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$L,3(Y+#(R,@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X-B`@(`@


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S



R\R
#$T
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#`X.PS
#@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



M9'1H/3-$
24^)B


M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M/3-$
B4^)B


3`E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@


38P.R`F(S$V
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN=&5R97-T(')A

M+S(P
3
-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-S$T
M+#$V
0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M




T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`Q+#8S-BPU-30-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG


M
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[)B
X



M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@




M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]






T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P


#L@)B
Q-C`[

3
-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,BPS.#`L-3,W
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

38P.R`F(S$V
#L@
M)B
Q-C`[)B
X

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
BPT-30L.#
Q#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE

L

3!P=#LG/B8C

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C

M96YT.B`M



3!P=#LG

M;!86YK+!,=6]T:6%N($)R86YC:#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

B4^)B
Q-C`[

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3`E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B

M=6T@9'5E(#
O
R\R
#$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M(`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#LF(S@R
C8[($EN=&5R97-T

M

M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M

38P.R`F(S$V
M
#L@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=#XF(S@R

M)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#DO
R\R
#$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3$P+#DQ-PT*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG


M97

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.PT*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@($EN

M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#8S-BPU-30-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C

M
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=#XF(S@R
C8[

M/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,2PV,S8L-34T
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^
M)B

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO


M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9VX]

M;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I


2\S+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`V-30L-C(R#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


@;F5W(')O


M;G5M(&1U92`X+S$Y+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`X
3@L


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z



3!P=#LG/B8C


M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@


35P=#L@

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&D^0F%N:R!O9B!96EJ:6YG+#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M/3-$
24^)B


M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L





M
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@

3
-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2PR-CDL-C(P
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO





M93H@
3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B

M97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#8O
3DO

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$L,S`Y+#(T,PT*(`@(`@(`\

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M)B


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

#L\+W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS


@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE

L

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[

P+S(P
3
-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2PQ
3`L.3$W#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

M:6YD96YT.B`M



3!P
M=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B


M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W.3,L-3$R#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M(`@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M9F]N=#XF(S@R

R\R
M
#$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#8S-PX
M
3`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG


M97

M(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^
M)B

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

24^)B
Q

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M9VX]

M;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I

38P.R`F(S$V
#L-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT/B8C.#(R-CL\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!)

M(&1U92`Q+S8O
C`Q


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Y-3(L
C$U#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P


Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@



=&0N+#PO:3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

38P
M.R`F(S$V
#L@)B

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=#XF
M(S@R

30-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
M+#8S-BPU-30-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

T0G=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

'!T

Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M)B

M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
35P=#L@



M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C

M96YT.B`M



3!P=#LG
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=#XF(S@R,C8[/]F;VYT/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@



T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@,RPQ-S0L,#0Y#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

38P.SPO

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

B4^)B
Q

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M

38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
M+#4X-RPP,C0-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]


38P.R`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT/B8C.#(R-CL\+V9O

M(`W+C(P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#DO,C4O,C`Q-`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#8S-BPU-30-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@

B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


Q-C`[
M/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q






M
3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^2&%N:V]U($)A;FLL($=U86YS:&%N
M($)R86YC:P\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B

M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\9F]N=#XF(S@R

M+S8O
C`Q

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M-SDS+#4Q
@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]




38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N
M=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

3`E/B8C
38P


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#4X-RPP
C0-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

T0G=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

M

#L@)B

M86YN=6T@9'5E(#DO
3(O


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#8S-BPU-30-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]


T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M

M




M($)R86YC:#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@


M(S$V
#L@)B

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M/3-$
3`E/D


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A


38P
M.R`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT/B8C.#(R-CL\+V9O;G0^#0H@

#$S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0^
M)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-


30-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M,2PV,S8L-34T#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@


24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T


M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]





M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M/3-$
B4^)B


3`E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V

38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,2PQ-#4L-3@X#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

38P
M.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0^)B,X
M,C(V.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@

M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C



M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@.#$X
M+#(W-PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

24^)B
Q-C`[


M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

B4^)B

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M/3-$
24^)B


M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

Q-C`[

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


M(`@(`F(S$V
#L@)B

M871E(&%T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q

M+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@-#DP+#DV-@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C



24^)B
Q-C`[

T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A


M=&EM97

M)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.PT*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N=#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M;2!D=64@
3$O
C8O
C`Q

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-C
T+#@Q
`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


@;F5W(')O


T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]




38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N

M+S
Q+S(P

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@.#`Q+#DQ
@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]


38P.R`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT/B8C.#(R-CL\+V9O

M-\S,\R
#$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@-3(S+#8Y-PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\


24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\




#L\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P





E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B
PT*



]

M:60]
T1)1#!%-D



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@





M





M/3-$-24^)B

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@;F]W

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M=3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$R/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E
!P
M87EA8FQE/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S+#
W



T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



M
B4^)B


M(`@(`@(`@-PY



3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@-S
L-S8X#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#4U+#@W-PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#0X
M-0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`Q+#0T,`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]





M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`Q-3@L.3(Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#$U-PQ
3(-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B


T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M-C0L
#8R#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#8U+#4R-0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`R-S$-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#DU
BPR-S@-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Y
C
L-#4X#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG

M96YT.B`M



3!P=#LG
M/B8C


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#0L-#(R+#$S


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M97AT4&%R=%\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C
-






M15A014Y315


M

S$L(#(P
3

M8W)U960@17AP96YS97




M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C

3(O
S$O
C`Q

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O
M,C`Q,CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CX-B`@

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@,S(L-S,Q#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S+#$W
M-`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C



@;F5W(')O


M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Y
M

M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#(Q.2PV,S`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO

T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#$T-PP-C$-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@
CDP+#(R.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/@T*(`@



T0Q

M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#$X,BPS-S@-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#@W+#`W.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#(X-2PS,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S
M-RPX-#
-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C





M93H@
3!P=#LG/B8C


M1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R+#
Q-2PX
M
34-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P










3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


]









4^#0H@(`@/'1R('9A

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

Q+S(P
3
\
M+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@
M/]I/@T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

3(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M;G5M(&1U92`U+S(P+S(P
3
-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*

M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#$U.PW
#(-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(#QF
M;VYT/B8C.#(R-CL\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(#DX
2PY
S
-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(T-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/]T

M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT/B8C.#(R

#$T#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`Y.#$L.3,R#0H@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(#QI/DQO86YS(&9R;VT@
M1&5U='-C:&4@26YV97-T:71I;VYS+75N9#PO:3X-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B


M

M=!M8D@@*8C.#(R

C$[*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(8C,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.R`F
M(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0^)B
X


M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M+#`P
`T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(8C,38P.R8C
M,38P.R8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@/&9O;G0^)B
X
C(V

M+C4Q

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

`T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M#0H@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QF;VYT/B8C.#(R-CL\+V9O;G0^#0H@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M
#`-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M#0H@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P

M
34O
C`Q-`T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
M

3(E/@T*



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3,\+W4^#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q,CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@

M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(#QI/DQO86YS(&9R;VT@1&5U
M='-C:&4@26YV97-T:71I;VYS+75N9#PO:3X-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


M9VX]

M:&%F=!M8D@@*8C.#(R

C$[*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
X

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@-2PV,C4L,#`P#0H@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M9'1H/3-$

S0P#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

@9G)O;2!#:&EN82!$979E
M;&]P;65N=!86YK/]I/@T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-B`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@



M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(#(L
M-#4T+#@S
0T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`T+#(X-PY-C8-B`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


B4^
M)B



M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@,30L,S@R+#,P-@T*(`@

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


]

]

M9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

Q+S(P
3
\
M+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@
M/]I/@T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V

M960@8GD@4VAA;F=H86D@4'5D;VYG($1E=F5L;W!M96YT($)A;FL\+VD^#0H@

T1R

3(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

35P=#L@;6%R9VEN

M97

3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=#XF
M(S@R

3(O
C@O
C`Q-0T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`Q,RPP.3(L-#,R#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

M
BPV.38L
3DV#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M
B4^)B

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]


Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(#QF;VYT/B8C

M(`@(`@(#$P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#@O
C@O
C`Q-@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W`^#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M-BPS-C4L-30Q#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M969F9B!V86QI9VX]





M

MB`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(#QP('-T





3!P=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`\9F]N=#XF(S@R
C8[/]F;VYT
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`Y+C4E


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@,38L,S8U
M+#4T,0T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.#(S+#4Q-`T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@,3(L-CDV+#$Y-@T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-

&8T-3DT83%?
M
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
M
C9B



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E



]


T1T;W`^4V-H961U
M;&4@;V8@0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@5&%B;&4@6U1A



M:6YG/3-$



M+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@

@;F5W(')O

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A



M9&EU;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;2UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M)R!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


#`P



#`P


M



3!P=#LG/D-O;6UO

PP,#`L,#`P
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M1=B;W)D97(M;&5F=US='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0M=VED=&@Z




T0U)3XF(S$V
M


@9'5R:6YG(#(P
M
#D\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`U-BPS.3

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]


M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^
3`O
C@O
M

T0G



M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



C`Q


M)3XR+S$P+S(P
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q




3L@8F]R


M9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@



\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^.2\Q,\R
#$P/]T9#X-B`@

L-#0P+#@P
M

M9VX]



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E


3
E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XY+S(S+S(P,3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@-2PP

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]



M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$S)3XY+S(T+S(P
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M


M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M;&5F=US='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0M




T0U
M)3XF(S$V

M
#$Q/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^)B

M9'1H/3-$
3
E/C4O-2\R
#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3





T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M8V5N=&EV92!P;&%N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T



M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C,#`P,#`P.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B`Q)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M





V+#`W
M



M='1O;2US='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@;65D:75M
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

M:&%R97

M('!L86X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C139%1D9&('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V
M149&1B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^,3`O-2\R,#$R/]T

M1D8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P
M.PX-#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^

M9VX]

3(O
M
S$O
C`Q
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


T1T;W`^4V-H

@86YD($]P=&EO;G

M8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'1A8FQE(&)O





M:#H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93H@;F]N93L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2UW:61T:#H@
M;65D:75M)R!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

P
#`P



#`P






M


#`P


#`P



@:6X@

#
W
M+#@U.`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


M

M=&0@86QI9VX]



M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$S)3XU+S
O

6QE.B!N;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M


T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2PS

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XW+S(X+S(P,#D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^-R\R-R\R,#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^



T1B


3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#$L-S4S+#DP.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^
3`O
C@O
C`P



T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C



@0@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-3`Q+#$Q-0T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^,3`O
M,C@O,C`P.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XQ
\R
M.\R




3L@8F]R9&5R


M.B!M961I=6TG('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`U
PW,C(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3
E/C$O-2\R
M

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/C$O
B\R

M



M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q

M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R
PR.#D-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/C$O
B\R

M;&4]



M;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.B!M961I=6TG('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/C$O-2\R
#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3
E/C$O
M
B\R




3L@8F]R9&5R


M.B!M961I=6TG('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M+6-O;&]R.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H
M.B`Q)R!V86QI9VX]

@86YD(&]P=&EO
M;G
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$


P
#`P


M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O


M87)T7S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B
PT*0V]N





]

M



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]




M+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q
M,SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@


M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q,CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/]T

M;G5T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$Q
M-PW
#DL
#`U#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Q
C4L
3`Q+#4X-0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^0V]N=F5N:65N8V4@9F]O9#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#8R+#(Q,RPT,S(-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


B4^)B
Q

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y4;W1A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(`@(`@(`@(`@
C$U+#(W.2PW.#4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


PT*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\





3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O


T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\

T1B

T1C

M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S
M,2\R,#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

B\S
2\R
#$R/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M075S=')A;&EA/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#4Y+#
Q-PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M/3-$

3(E/@T*

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y96QG:75M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#8L
M
#0Y+#@R-0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^0V%N861A/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
30R+#8R
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y#:&EN83PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#$U.PW.#4L,#4S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#$W,PX
3@L-C8Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y$96YM87)K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

B4^
M)B


T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/D9R86YC93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L
C@R+#(R
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R+#,T-PX
C0-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#(S
M
BPV-#@-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
C`X+#@W
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^2&]N9R!+;VYG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R
M
3(L

M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS


T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U-C8L-C4Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(W-RPP,C@-B`@(`@(`@

B4^)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S-RPY-#(L,C@V#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

Q

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-C8S+#`W-PT*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`R+#(R,2PY.3`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@.#`X+#4P-0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-#$S+#4R.0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^4&]L86YD
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@,3$U+#8W,@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R
3
L.30S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y0;W)T=6=A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#
L-34W+#(S

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`W
3$L
#`V#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y2=7-S:6$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
3@L-SDU#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#0W
2PU-3D-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M(`@(#(L-#$S+#$S-PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#(Y,PX
#(-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#$Q+#@T-2PT.3D-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3Y486EW86X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,#@L.30V#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@

M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y5;FET960@2VEN9V1O;3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L,C8Y
M+#DX-@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`R+#4Q
RPV
S0-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[


T0U)3XF(S$V


M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#,V,2PV.#`-B`@(`@(`@

B4^)B

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^5FEE=&YA;3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
30L-C(S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

34L

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]



M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\P9C0U.31A,5\R93DU7S1D9#)?
M8CED-U\T,#%A,6(X.3(V8C,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
&8T-3DT83%?

M:&5E='
O4VAE970T
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]

]

T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@=&AE(&1I

'!E;G-E<R!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@8VQA<W
]


M97)I9CLG('=I9'1H/3-$

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$S
M/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

3(O
S$O
C`Q
M
CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,C,L-30W+#,Y-`T*(`@(`@(`\

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S

MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y
;W-S(&%T=')I8G5T960@=&\@
M55

M


M(@R.#4L,#8R#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M/B8C

BPT
3(-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

C
L
C8R+#
S
@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0C939E9F9F('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,CDL-#@Q+#0Q
M,@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(!04D


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

W+#8T
PT*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B

M#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y);F-O;64@=&%X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

T1L969T

P
#`P
#`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

W+#8T
PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^/'-P86X^/]S





M/3-$




4^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
&5M<'1I;VX@9W)A;G1E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO<CTS1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/E=E:6=H


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S-PV,38L-S$T
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S-PU,S,L.#$W#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V

M969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@

M
B4^)B

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P













4^#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

B\S
2\R

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
CPO=3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3Y5+E


M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

U)0T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

U)0T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO


@:6X@
M4%)#+!N970\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@
3`E#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]

M:6YV97-T;65N='



M(T-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+C`T)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M:#TS1#$E/B8C

2XR-24-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M


M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M(#(S+CDV)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


]
M


T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

T0W
4^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


S
E/D-H:6YA($EN8V]M92!487@@4F%T93PO

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'4^4W5B



38P.SPO=&0^

T1C

34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,C`Q,CPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


;W)A:6X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,4-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`P)0T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L

C4E#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B

M=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,C4E#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


T0R)3XF(S$V
M

T0Q-24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@,C4E#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^0F5I:FEN9R!,;W)A:6X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T0Q-24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@,C4E#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

C4E

M86QI9VX]

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

M;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I
M9'1H/3-$,34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F/D1O;F=G=6%N

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R-24-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`R-24-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P


M+R\O0SHO
&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S+U=O

O4VAE970T
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]

]



T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@
M;V8@16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^

T0G8F]R

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


@;F5W

#L\
M+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-

T1C96YT

M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@






3!P=#LG/B8C

M:#TS1#$E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS

M.B`M



3!P=#LG/D)A

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


MB`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG

M96YT.B`M



3!P=#LG
M/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.TEN8V]M92!!=F%I;&%B;&4@=&\@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K:&]L



M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L

T0G=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@

'!T


T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

3(E
M/B8C


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D



M;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
C`L-#(R+#8V.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@


Q

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

3(E/B8C
38P

B4^)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@

T0G=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@



MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M



35P=#L@;6%R

M=&EM97

3!P=#LG/B8C

M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

3(E/B8C
38P

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP('-T






M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]





T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B



38L-S$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
S0L-3



T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#
T+#8Q-BPW

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$




\
M+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@




T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I




M9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M


M97




M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S-PU
S
L.#$W#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M97

M(S$V
#L\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I


M


T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#`N-3D-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M;G0Z(TQ-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,35P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M:#TS1#4E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$



M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#,T+#8Q-BPW,30-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


@;F5W(')O



T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S-PV
38L-S$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#
T+#4S
RPX












]

]

M9&5R/3-$



M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#
E/B8C
38P


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)#`-B`@(`@(`@(`M(0T+CDY#0H@(`@(`@(#PO



M9F8@=VED=&@]
T0S)3XF(S$V

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(0U+C`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@+2`D.2XY.0T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('=I9'1H
M/3-$-#8E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#`-B`@(`@(`@(!S:&%R97
-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#
E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

M-F5F9F8^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)#$P+C`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@+2`D
30N.3D-

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS


]



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M:7IE.B`Q



T0Q
M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C(P,3(\+W4^#0H@(`@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=3XR,#$Q/]U/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^5V5I9VAT960M879E

T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2XS-C(Y#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$N,3DP.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

M)B

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,XS
R4-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`P+CDV)0T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]

M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`U.2XY
R4-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`T+C4X
M)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^17AP96-T960@
M;&EF92!I;B!M;VYT:'
Z/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
S8N
#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`S-BXP
`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P


M+R\O0SHO
&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S+U=O



T0G




M/3-$

M


#$S/&)R

]
T1R93X-







M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'4^1G)O;3PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M(`\=3Y4;SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1C96YT

M/B8C



34E/C$R+S
Q
M+S(P





T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/C$O
2\R
#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M





M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
38\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G8F]R9&5R+7)I9VAT

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U
M)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`Y,BPV.#4-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q-24^.\Y+S(P,3@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

T0C

M=VED=&@Z;65D:75M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@-38L-C0Q#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A



M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=6T@;F]N92`C
#`P



M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C


T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@

T1C96YT97(@;F]W

34E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QU/E1O/]U
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@

B4^)B

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]


M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9CXQ+S$O,C`Q,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$S/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C



M
T0R)3XF(S$V

2\Q+S(P
30\

M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M

M-F5F9F8^
2\Q+S(P

M=&@]
T0Q-24^
3(O
S$O

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@.3(L-C@U#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^,2\Q+S(P,38\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T0Q-24^
3(O
S$O
C`Q-CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B

M
T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@.3(L-C@U#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M1-E-F5F9F8@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q


T0R)3XF(S$V

M1&QE9G0^
2\Q+S(P



M:61T:#H@

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-38L-C0Q#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M
T0Q-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M;2UW:61T:#H@

T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


M

T0Q-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-3$T+#DQ-PT*(`@(`@(`\


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-C:&5D=6QE(&]F($9U='5R92!-:6YI;75M($QE87-E(%!A




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M86QI9VX]


T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QU/E1O/]U/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


38P.SPO

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=3X-B`@(`@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M

M:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M;W=R87`]

M(`@(`S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

T1C96YT97(@8F=C;VQO

M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$T/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#DU+#$Q-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XQ+S$O

T1C

T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$Q+#
S.0T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
M
3(O
S$O
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ,C@-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P
M,34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Y-2PQ,30-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

2\Q+S(P
34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C
M96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$U/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$Q+#
S.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ,C@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
M

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Y-2PQ,30-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

2\Q+S(P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XQ+S$O

T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`W.PQ
C@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`Q-SPO=&0^

T1C
M96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Y
M-2PQ
30-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A

M/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XQ
M+S$O


M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
C@-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M86QI9VX]

M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`Y-2PQ
30-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M,2\Q+S(P,3@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F=C

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$X/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$Q+#
S.0T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
M.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ,C@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3D\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Y-2PQ,30-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M
2\Q+S(P

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#$Q+#
S.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XQ+S$O,C`R,#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R,#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`W.PQ,C@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C`\+W1D/@T*

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Y-2PQ,30-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

2\Q+S(P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

M1&)O='1O;3XQ+S$O
C`R

T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
M
C@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`R
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1C96YT97(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Y-2PQ
30-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^,2\Q+S(P,C$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$Q+#,S.0T*(`@(`@(`\

M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XQ+S$O
C`R
CPO


3(O
S$O
C`R
CPO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
C@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`R

T1C

T1C96YT97(@

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Y
M-2PQ
30-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^,2\Q+S(P,C(\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(R/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$Q+#
S.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
3(O
S$O
C`R
SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`X-2PW-S
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
M
C`R

M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`Q
#(L-3(W#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/C$O,2\R,#(S
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
3(O
S$O
C`R
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`Q

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M
T1B;W1T;VT^
2\Q+S(P

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/C$R+S
Q+S(P

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@.#DL
M

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

2\Q+S(P
C0\+W1D

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


M/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
3`U+#8X
PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3XQ+S$O

T1C96YT

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#@Y+#(X.0T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
3(O
S$O
M

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P-2PV.#
-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^,2\Q+S(P,C4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W


M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XQ+S$O
C`R-CPO=&0^#0H@


3(O
S$O
C`R-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`X.2PR.#D-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q
M+S(P

B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,#4L-C@S
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/C$O
2\R
#(V/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M=&0@86QI9VX]

3(O
S$O
C`R-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H



M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

C@Y#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
2\Q+S(P


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

M(`@,3`U+#8X,PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XQ+S$O
C`R-SPO=&0^

T1C
M96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
3(L
M-S4W#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M=&]M/C$O
2\R
#(X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P-2PV.#,-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

2\Q+S(P

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG


M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XQ+S$O
M

M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O
M,S$O,C`R.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`X.2PR.#D-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,CD\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,#4L-C@S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E/C$O
2\R
#(Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1C96YT
M97(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R.3PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M


M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$
24^)B



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M.4^,2\Q+S(P,S`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#
P
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
S`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

C`S
3PO=&0^

M/C$R+S
Q+S(P
S$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@.#DL,C@Y#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I
M9'1H/3-$.4^
2\Q+S(P
S$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C
M96YT97(@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#,Q/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P-2PV.#
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^,2\Q+S(P
M,S$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT
M97(@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#
Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&
M1B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@.#DL

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
2\Q+S(P
S(\

M-D5&1D8@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#
R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P-2PV.#
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

T0Q)3XF(S$V

T0Q
M
4^,2\Q+S(P,S(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1C96YT

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&
M1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

38P

M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#0R+#(V,0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

#

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


S(R#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/C$O
2\R
#
S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
M.4^-B\Q.2\R,#,S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B

M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@

T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@



T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M=VED=&@]
T0X)3XF(S$V

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M1D8@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T0X)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V
M149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2PY-C`L
#(R#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^

M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M


M9VX]

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(T4V149&1B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T4V149&
M1B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C139%1D9&
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T



M=%\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C




M240P149
04


]






M86QI9VX]




@



]


M(#(L
3`P+#`P


]





@



]



M/3-$=&]P/D]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;BP@0F%S:7




M97-E;G1A=&EO;BP@06YD(%!R:6YC:7!A;!!8W1I=FET:65S(#$P/]T9#X-




X
M

M7S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B
PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3

]
T1P



]

M


]


]
M




]






M;7`^
C4N



M4&]L:6-I97



@


]

3`N
#`E/'-P86X^


@
3$\+W1D







]


2PS




@



3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\P
M9C0U.31A,5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T,#%A,6(X.3(V8C,-D-O;G1E;G0M
M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?

O4VAE970T-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]




]

5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED
M-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5')A9&4@06-C;W5N=',@4F5C96EV86)L92`Q/]T9#X-


T1T;W`^5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@

M

]

T1T;W`^5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R

O4VAE970T.2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M14E604)
15




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q


M
T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97
@


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97
@
CPO=&0^#0H@



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97
@-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]





T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97
@-SPO

]








M9VX]
T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97
@






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED
M-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

04Y4

T0Q


#$S/&)R/CPO






04Y$(%5312!224=(
M5%


M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q





]




M-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B






]

T1)1#!%6$@^


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P
3




BPP
#`L
M







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C
O




]






]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@
CPO














T1T;W`^0V%P:71A
M;&EZ871I;VX@


M9VX]
T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@


T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@
3(\+W1D

]
T1R93X-


]





]

]


M1&YU;7`^-2PP






M
BPT-#4L



3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



3`X+#@T


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M
C8T+#0R






3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


]

M7S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B
PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)


]







M(#

&8T-3DT83%?
M
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
M
C9B


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5'2D%#/@T*

M



]




M







M9VX]





]




M.3






T1T



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P
M9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C
O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


I



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#(W+#
X



]


]

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?
M8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS









]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+C`P


M9VX]

]

]
T1N=6UP/C8W





]

]



T1T;W`^




BPP
S(L


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M
#`P+#`P

]

@

]











]

M='
@

M






3(L-S4P/'-P




3(L-S4P/'-P86X^







]
T1N=6UP






T1T;W`^4W5B

]
T1T


#`L




]


#4L
M


]



M



L-3`P+#`P

]

]
T1N=6UP/C0N-3`E/'-P






]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]
T1N=6UP


M=%\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C




M240P15E/04


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

]





@
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

RPR
S@L



@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&AE




]

M


M97



]



@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@






]

]
T1N

]
T1P

M:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T:6YG(%-U





]

]






]

M97
@*$1E=&%I;'

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/ED\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]

]


@4V-H961U;&4@



M3&EV97
@

]
M

]




@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@17-T:6UA=&5D(%5S

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q

O4VAE970V
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]





34N








]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P


]





C4N
M


M97


]
T1R93X-




M;7`^-3`L



M4&]L:6-I97






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


#`L




M92!487@@4F%T92`Q


SDN
#`E/'-P86X^


@4V-H961U





]
T1N=6UP/C
S-2PP





S0N
#`E/'-P86X^


@4V-H961U





]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P


]


S4L



M4&]L:6-I97

M92`R


3`L
#`P+#`P


]


C





#`L






34L
#`P+#`P
#QS

]




]
T1R;SX-


#`L





3@L
M
S
S+#
S

]


M

]
T1R;SX-

R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q
M8C@Y
C9B


]
M

T1)1#!%6$@^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



S$L(#(P
M
3






M-BXS


M:6-I97






&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B
M.#DR-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q
M7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B

M-C



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\

$5-





3(@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]



T1T;W`^

@06YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S($%T
M($9A:7(@5F%L=64@

]
T1T97AT







M='




@06YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S($%T($9A:7(@5F%L=64@

]









M='
@06YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S($%T($9A:7(@5F%L=64@






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



T1T;W`^

@06YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S($%T
M($9A:7(@5F%L=64@
3


M1&YU;7`^

]

:6%B



@06YD
M($QI86)I;&ET:65S($%T($9A:7(@5F%L=64@




]







@06YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S($%T($9A:7(@5F%L=64@
3D\





]
T1R


]


BPS


M:6-I97

M:71I97





]




]



]




@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1FEN86YC


RPY.3@L.34V/'-P86X^


@4V-H961U

@070@1F%I


#QS

]




]

:6%B:6QI=&EE

]
T1T



]



]



@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1FEN86YC


#PO

]








]


]




M:6-I97

M:71I97



]





]
M


]




@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1FEN86YC:6%L($%S



]







]


]



@4V-H961U;&4@



]




M86ER(%9A;'5E(#(P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M14]/04


M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-30L-3$Q+#
U


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0Y+#$W-RPY

M(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV
M86)L92`S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T


]


]
T1N=6T^*#0T


M(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%1R861E($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@-3PO=&0^


T1T;W`^5')A9&4@
M06-C;W5N='



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1R861E($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@4V-H961U
M;&4@3V8@5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L92`W/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T-#


]

]
T1N=6T^*#
W.2PV.3
I



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L92!38VAE9'5L



]
T1N=6UP/C0L
#(S/'-P


M8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@

]



M8V5I=F%B;&4@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L

L.#DX



]

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



]

]




]




]

S(V+#(W



]

S
S+#0Q



]











T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97
@
M4V-H961U;&4@3V8@3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97
@
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L
M97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97
@

T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4F5C96EV
M86)L97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97
@
3(\+W1D/@T*



5\R93DU
M7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C

M




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




C


C


M8V5I=F%B;&5S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%)E;&%T960@4&%R='D@4F5C96EV86)L

2PX


M:&5R(%)E8V5I=F%B;&5S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%)E;&%T960@4&%R='D@4F5C

2PW

M=&]P/D]T:&5R(%)E8V5I=F%B;&5S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%)E;&%T960@4&%R
M='D@4F5C96EV86)L92`U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M







E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
M
C9B



]
T1R



M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

]












2PY-3`L



X+#`W
BPW


E]B
M.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B






]



]


M;G0@

2PS
C4L






RPV





]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#


]

]
T1N=6UP/C8X





]


]
T1N=6UP/C4X
BPQ

M;F0@17%U:7!M96YT(#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




3PO=&0^



M+!0;&%N=!!;F0@17%U:7!M96YT(#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






M


]




BPQ
#@L-C8Q*3QS

]



]



M17%U:7!M96YT(#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U
M+#@T




]
T1R;SX-




M


2P@4&QA;G0@06YD($5Q=6EP;65N=`R
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]

M
S@L-S

]


]
T1N=6T^*#$T+#8Q



M;G0@


M
&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W
M7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B




^+RH@


M





]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]





]


]





]


]





]

86YD(%5S92!2
M:6=H='






86YD(%5S
M92!2:6=H='

]
T1N=6UP/C8L


]

M(#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#
P-2PS-3`I


86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='

]
T1N=6T^*#$L
#`T
M+#(W




M86QI9VX]




&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR
M-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E
M.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C







]
T1T



T1T;W`^


M

]

@


@4V-H

]



]

@-CPO=&0^



M97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G

]
T1N=6UP/C4N.#@E/'-P




]

M($)A;FL@3&]A;G


M9VX]



]

@


]

@
3(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]





]

M97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G
@

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@


]

@

]

@
3D\+W1D/@T*


M;FL@3&]A;G

]
M

M;FL@3&]A;G
@


]

M($)A;FL@3&]A;G
@


@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4VAO


]

@
C0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]

@



M3&]A;G






]




]
T1N=6UP/C$R

]




M9VX]



]
M



3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]

@
S(\+W1D/@T*






]



]

M($)A;FL@3&]A;G
@

M86QI9VX]



]
T1P






M8VAE9'5L92!/9B!3:&]R=UT97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G,@,S@\+W1D/@T*(`@

]



;V%N

]
T1N=6UP/C(L


]

;V%N





]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M-#4T+#@S

]




M86QI9VX]





]



M8VAE9'5L92!/9B!3:&]R=UT97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G,@-#4\+W1D/@T*(`@

]


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

@-#8\



M97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G






M86QI9VX]



]
T1P



3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M;G



2PV
S8L-34T/'-P






]




@4V-H


@





]




T1T;W`^4VAO

M


]

M97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G



M9B!3:&]R=UT97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G,@-C,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]



M92!/9B!3:&]R=UT97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G,@-C0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C8Y+#8R


]







]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S`Y+#(T
M

]




M




M9B!3:&]R=UT97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G,@-S`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]



M92!/9B!3:&]R=UT97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G,@-S$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]



CPO=&0^



M0F%N:R!

]




]

RPU
3(\



]
T1N=6UP











]







]




T1T;W`^4VAO

2PU




]
T1P






M;G




M3&]A;G







]





M86QI9VX]



]
T1P



3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M;G



2PV
S8L-34T/'-P






]



M86QI9VX]





]





]

M:R!

]
M

M;FL@3&]A;G
@


]






]






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

@
3`U





M;7`^-RXR

]

@
3`X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L





M;G


]

@
M







M1&YU;7`^-BXW




]

@


]
T1R93X-

M;G
@

3@L




M

]
M

]
T1P






;V%N




M3&]A;G


]
T1R93X-

M;G
@





M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C@P
2PY





@4V-H



]



C@\

]

@
M

#`L-CDT




&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y

O4VAE970W
2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M961U;&4@;V8@5&%X97

]



T1T;W`^5&%X97
@4&%Y
M86)L97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&%X97



CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


T1T;W`^5&%X97
@4&%Y86)L97
@4V-H961U
M;&4@3V8@5&%X97
@4&%Y86)L92`S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

BPV-C


6%B;&4@-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S<STS1&YU
M;7`^,RPS-S`L-C4U/'-P86X^/]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/C8L
M




]



]

]













30\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1T;W`^5&%X97
@4&%Y86)L97
@4V-H
M961U;&4@3V8@5&%X97



]

]
T1N=6UP/CDU
BPR-S@\


3@\

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C0L-#(R+#$S


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&%X97,@4&%Y
M86)L97,@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&%X97,@4&%Y86)L92`R,#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C
O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


]






]


]
M

@-#PO=&0^#0H@


M96YS97


]

M3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L97

M86QI9VX]


#8Q


]
T1N=6UP/C(Y

]
T1R93X-

@.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




M86QI9VX]




T1T

CPO








M8FQE(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($%C8W)U960@17AP96YS97
@06YD($]T:&5R(%!A

M


]
T1R

@



5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
M
#%A
6(X.3(V8C



;VYG+71E




]


]






]

]

]
T1R;SX-

]












T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@




]




T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0@

]


;VYG+71E

M

]





]


T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@0W5R


]






@3V8@3&]N9RUT97)M(#$V


]

;VYG


]
M

]


T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@

]



]


C$\

]


T1T;W`^3&]N

]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]





]

]


&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y
M-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B
M


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

;VYG+71E



M9VX]

M;G0@4&]R=&EO;G
@3V8@3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0@
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



M;2!$96)T(#


]


]











T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@

@3V8@3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0@-SPO=&0^


;VYG+71E



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU
M7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13





#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*



]




M

M4&]R=&EO;G
@3V8@3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92`S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

BPV.38L




T1T;W`^3&]N

@
M3V8@3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92`U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





]


]
M

M1&YU;7`^
38L
S8U+#4T

]
M







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P
M9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C
O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




]



T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@4V-H961U
M;&4@3V8@0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@5&%B;&4@
3PO

#`L
#`P+#`P
#QS

]

M1&YU;7`^
C4L


]
M



M;B!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!#87!I=&%L:7IA=&EO;B!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!4

2PQ

F%T:6]N










]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]


]


M


M=%\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X.3(V8C




M240P141(04


M1#$^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP


S



]
T1R



T1T;W`^0V%P

@06YD($]P=&EO;G
@


T1T;W`^0V%P

@06YD($]P=&EO;G
@




]


]

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P9C0U.31A
5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
#%A
6(X
M.3(V8C



]



]


T1T;W`^4V%L97
@


]


C4L
3`Q+#4X

]

M($-A=&5G;W)I97


]
T1N=6UP/C8R+#(Q
RPT




M97

T1T;W`^4V%L97
@0GD@4')O
7!E(#8\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA<W,],T1N=6UP
M/C,T+#DY-BPX,#D\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

]

34L


]

M97

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
C
Y+#8W
RPT-C


E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q
M8C@Y
C9B


]
M


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]





SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





30R+#8R


]


]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4V%L97

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$W






]


RPY



3PO=&0^




]
T1N=6UP/C(L
S0T+#@R

]




M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-A;&5S($)Y(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!38VAE9'5L92!/

T1T;W`^4V%L97





]
T1N=6UP/C(Q


M(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!2979E;G5E($)Y($=E;V=R87!H


T1T;W`^
M4V%L97



]
M




#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


T1T;W`^4V%L97
@0GD@4')O9'5C


]
T1R

BPR
C$L


C


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-A;&5S($)Y(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!38VAE9'5L92!/

T1T;W`^4V%L97





]
T1N=6UP/C0Q
RPU


M(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!2979E;G5E($)Y($=E;V=R87!H


T1T;W`^
M4V%L97



]
M
T1N=6UP/C
L-34W+#(S

]
M


P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

3$L

S$\+W1D/@T*




M


T1T;W`^4V%L
M97


]

M1&YU;7`^



T1T;W`^4V%L97





]


M($)Y(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!2979E;G5E($)Y($=E;V=R


T1T
M;W`^4V%L97



]




3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^4V%L97





]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C8Y+#DX-CQS

]


M+#4Q
RPV


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-A;&5S($)Y(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!2



]


]



]
T1R93X-

C$U+#(W.2PW

M=&]P/E-A;&5S($)Y(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!2979E;G5E









]




S$L
M(#(P
3


@0F5T=V5E

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C
L-30W+#
Y-#QS

]


@
M


T1T;W`^

C@U+#`V



@0F5T=V5E

]
T1N=6T^*#@P
BPT
3(I/'-P86X^

M;64@5&%X97





M;64@5&%X97





@0F5T=V5E;B!4:&4@

]


]


@.3PO=&0^#0H@



#PO=&0^#0H@




]


M:&4@1&EF9F5R96YC97


]



W+#8T







]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P


]

CPO=&0^#0H@





]



M:&%R92!%9F9E8W0@3V8@5&%X($5X96UP=&EO;B`V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q
M8C@Y
C9B


]
M





3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

M;7`^
S4N



@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1&EF9F5R96YC



!2871E(#







M971W965N(%1H92!5+G
N($9E9&5R86P@4W1A='5T;W)Y($EN8V]M92!487@@


]






T1T





M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\P9C0U.31A,5\R93DU7S1D9#)?
M8CED-U\T,#%A,6(X.3(V8C,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
&8T-3DT83%?

M:&5E='
O4VAE970X
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]













@


]
T1N=6UP/C(U+C`P

]




]


C4N


@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&%X





M8VAE9'5L92!/9B!487@@4F%T97

@
3`\


T1T;W`^26YC;VUE

C4N
#`E



@



]


]

]
M



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\P9C0U.31A,5\R93DU7S1D9#)?8CED-U\T
M,#%A,6(X.3(V8C,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
&8T
M-3DT83%?

O






#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
38L-C


]



M3V8@16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(#


]




]



]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#0R





T1T;W`^16%R
M;FEN9W




]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#8Q
M-BPW





]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
T+#8Q-BPW




]

]





]


]





]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
T+#8Q-BPW




]

]




C`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]




C(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#8Q-BPW


C0\+W1D/@T*

]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#8Q-BPW






M
&8T-3DT83%?
F4Y-5\T9&0R7V(Y9#=?-#`Q83%B.#DR-F(S#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S!F-#4Y-&$Q7S)E.35?-&1D
E]B.60W
M7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
C9B




^+RH@


M





]



M97
@


M92!87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4W1O8VL@3W!T:6]N







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]





]


]









&8T-3DT
M83%?

O4VAE
M970X-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


]







V
CD\



M







]







M(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G



]














]



]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#



M36EN:6UU;2!296YT86P@4&%Y;65N='
@1F]R($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97
@
M


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


M96YT86P@4&%Y;65N='
@1F]R($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97
@
CPO=&0^#0H@



M;65N='



]





]

]


96%S92!#;VUM

M;65N='
@1F]R($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97
@
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]


]

]
T1T



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DQE87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U





M;6ET;65N='
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E($UI;FEM=6T@4F5N=&%L(%!A

]







@1F]R($]P97)A=&EN9R!
M96%S97

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3$T



]

M;'-P86X]


M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


]

]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DQE87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R



]

]



]


96%S92!#

96%S92!0

2PS
M

M=&]P/DQE87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R92!-:6YI



@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@

@.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




]
T1R;SX-

M

M=&]P/DQE87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R92!-:6YI





2PS




]
T1R


]


]






M87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R92!-:6YI;75M($QE


2PS


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DQE87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R



]


]


]


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DQE87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U






2PS


M;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R92!-:6YI;75M($QE87-E(%!A


]


]



]



M($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R92!-:6YI;75M($QE87-E

M-2PQ

M/3-$=&]P/DQE87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R92!-

P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

2PS



Q/]T9#X-B`@



M(#

#(L-3(W/'-P













M;6ET;65N='

M;65N='
@


T1T

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E($UI;FEM

@



@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@

@
S@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]

]
T1R


]




96%S92!#;VUM:71M

96%S92!087EM96YT



M;7`^
3`U+#8X


]


]


]

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P-2PV
M.#

M=&]P/DQE87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R92!-:6YI








#4L-C@S/'-P86X^

96%S

96%S









SPO=&0^#0H@


M;65N='

M='


T1T;W`^

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E($UI;FEM=6T@


M86QI9VX]

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T


]


]
T1R;SX-


]




96%S92!#;VUM:71M96YT


M


M-3`L



M36EN:6UU;2!



]







]


E]B.60W7S0P
6$Q8C@Y
M
C9B



M=UC;VTZ;V9F:6-E.F]F9FEC92(^#0H@/&\Z36%I;D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N
M+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`U
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970R
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C(N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970S
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S0N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#

T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,BYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
M-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Y+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#8R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE

T0B4VAE970W
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3


T0B
M4VAE970W.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-SDN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T.#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@S+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCorporateIncomeTaxRateTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=center style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAverageExchangeRatesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CustomerDepositsAndAdvancesToSuppliersPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ConstructionInProgressPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LandUseRightsPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PostemploymentBenefitPlansPolicy'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

                  <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p align=center style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_StatutoryReservesPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

      <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

      <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

      <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxbDHFiveTwoVTwobsTZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroVySixNineMSixlLSevenTwoThreek'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroGVmxdTNZXNineFT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSpTwofEightWThreeFZerotcTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerotSevenKqTOneZThreeEightFivenc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolmTwoSevenZMyXvOnecD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFiveTFourSevenJNSixEightGThreeNined'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroWbwEightTvREightpyxK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroPZMfTVSixSevenHzkEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroRyQbMngFNJnM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

                      <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

                      <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

                          <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                    <p align=center style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

                      <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

          <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

          <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

                      <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                      <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroBmRkTFiveTwoZsHFv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolZeroKMBQvdtgrp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFiveNQmhOneRXXpLc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSevenDTwoNineRSevenJWzfFiveFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSixBSevendbMSdZeroPgZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerocthfsSixbqkGSixFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTMylThreerrDSevenSCNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroThreeQRBbWEightTRSixhG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxqsSmmrBRhSV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeropZSevenhTwoSixSwmypThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroHSixEightwxpWZeroxGsG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFTFiveXJDJxFourSixxh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFiveKgPZeroSTfflXNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroVSixDWWZxWwJNineThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovKZFourTyTkNTnSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxxWXVrsnbgKL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTRThreeQSPyvRMDC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroGKbSevenJLMVcSixcZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroklOneNinebTwoZxQdTt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroPNKCMfTwohbFiveZerov'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeropPTgSixSevenRyxgOneg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZThreeBkJxcFourTVZc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroRsLMJEightNinegFiveCCb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohFiveXKRTkNineTwoZOneX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTGsvVrNineZerofvLr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZNineZFiventlBRXdEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroBtBzbQFiverLQFivey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroThreeLQThreeGBTDTwtb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZfWCKzFWFourThreeNinec'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTwoDZZFiveSixTVDLFourd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTwokdwKdCypbDG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroPmSevenEightEightXflDfvx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSevenSevenThreeFSevenMqZyZlm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOnewRTGBZeroSixRMcH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroRsgTrCWZTKrSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroGHThreeSevenZNineVKEightvhR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQxRBOneSevenfztRSixC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTwogKPdtPwNVgThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroJwgFFivevZTwoZeroSQW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroJDRtfDlTgGTK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroVTwodOneTwodnfcFVThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQTwoLnHcKTwoVVNX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovTwosOneFGDwpOneZs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroLSevenDFourPkdhvTFourThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroPThreeSnBHZZwZeroly'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerofhZnpEightgfQFiveFR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqFTwoTnbFivedmHHh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerossVyQCfkTwoxLk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZHDGtwKFourLSixEightFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerozZeromPwLmqQLKt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroHfTwoFiveLbfxRzgNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQfywNineJFiveyGxThreeJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohKThGXQSevenRHFS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroMrKmrhJrVNqk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqCThreexwCTkfVvX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvancesOnInventoryPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositsAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LandUseRightsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerDepositsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLoansFromBank'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesStatutoryCapitalAndSurplusBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeropsTwoyyGZFourqthG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroLsSevenKRzkNineOneEightNh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowTwovSevenxwpwmsdv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFourDnFZZeroFourSixsZerovk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolDblZerowNinebMrSevenm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSevenNineDKZvMKSevenCnd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerofkSixsFiveThreeRwXZeroRB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZGqnyXSevenFourJTlK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroNinevrhSBSThreemThg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerobGpnPOneZDQLNineK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OrganizationBasisOfPresentationAndPrincipalActivitiesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroLHyxZerodOneZerovNDT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_AppropriationsToStatutoryReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_AdjustmentToStatutoryReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_AppropriationsToStatutoryReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourcwThreeQSywFivehZerobq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourqcMrThreeSZOneFFivedp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourWpqTrDkNinechft'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourSixNineDZeroNMTgJzJThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourpyvfhTwoNineTVhKw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourPvbrHKTPFyRR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourFourpNNThreekrmSevenGFiveK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourtvTwoOneXrlEightytVSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourgkzWSevendBwlfFl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourMTrXhppGRWlB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourXKWvvThreefVEightkdR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourvgNineTwoWEightFiveCkHFy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourDbfRkxfkzkQv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheConsolidatingSubsidiariesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourBTLHFiveLTwoFourNQzH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerodJDVsnDdqWEightm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTVFourFiveNFourVLwlbP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroEightqNchWHZFourzpX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroVFiveycnMKsFivelEightV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerorxhLFtEightsstSevenK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowSevenZFqJPZeroXCvb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroThreecNmSevenNineZTwowtKf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSevenFFourCygEightSixOneThreeTTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroHvVZeroSGMTwoNWHh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroVxnFiveMOneBXptyB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerokkOnelZerovzDsFBs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFiveFourKRSevenxbTrpCT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareholdersEquityAndShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqOneKkQyPvSHZeroH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolfTFourEightHxdVJHEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTwoTwolknmxOneRTwoNZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqZeroThreeQGSnzHqzT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSevenThreekBJSevensSevenSevenTwoGT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFiveRzmRKqFiveTmTH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroEightBDrSGlhslDV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroMWcRkEightNkWfTX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqZfOneZEightmcNinerTFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohBTwonfWZerosBVNF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOneKNLSHvkTwoHzd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTRrSixCWFtEightcLF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroMlTLSixNSixQXHpT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZerogXTwownhqTwoSfh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerotchWNTwoWcsTyT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqZgvfTfyNineqKG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowWbThreeyxCNNEightSixSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroLzOnecThreeqMMBTFourFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroEightlwVfbgOnegXnSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFourCKPFivelgNinedSixTk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeroDEightOneCHlZDlKFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTVgmlJSevenbWBkX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovhZeroqvRZkCkZeroW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroMcBHkmQSixTQWSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroXcFThreemQNinerEightCbx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerodnylMSixMCBDwZ'

3
Q
C
Q+GAM

MI
[ST\O`/G^W\\CUWID0:AXWL?]O`AVI.HU_=MQQM^V(NCP8&Q)X61Y=F6
MZWOTP]Z4AGO_^/C?__7^;P<'THD_GKB.Y?6I]*])0,/PR0JH=.&QO#MU._'

\A8C^DY`)J1?!=

MDJ%T2T

MSGY^L



M1T4M+VG?!Q:S`G?3\8/O-B((G*7$

MTT:$$8QFC'6DZCS#*RVO$O[==V
O@H;/'1=

8VBQ
M/?

*`\L-:4HBT]B:SOKC


MKRO5TH2?PY=F_++_S^K7

M+



WQM0]UA6^9

$EKZSL



M

MPT`ZT9%2A6C/?F1WEX77WJ+




M
@)-Q&35_C2@5&('51K*I'E8DIW(S^([FDP_F1YWRY]RPMA*%SY$0UOKF+
MI]O%12:$CIK)Q:^E]


U5`\'1)14J#@
M2S`_C',(M$508B(A_9,5K0:)=?$18,)/@2Q-2^=*P'QW4BIV5B2F2(Y?@0
MMC+9;M6!-PZ^U]KL=Q&/EC&LS#=2'1N*8I*N_Z\VF(`%(2GBO$J`F#$Y20
MT:8A65'X[&R=0$L`9098-13(Y&L`F%GHQ%V=!W[BN]I%\$@W#1FO.X$,B?8H
MRI1!-HB,M$8PF+MB2W\B5$(%&I6\GWBDH@`(4(9JI83-'((5`!%E;TS1E


MY*9H_#3O:MNM*)=$6G4H;]C_UB[REMGJBI&93\ZE(@)*2;C5#



M%4!5L1P=V+
VR&[I(_7B]8G
*D]X%6\95(ENZH;*9\`IJ28`\E];*EX]
S4=

\DYOY#S2CH2I$QFP
R;R(H`UTS9`/Q
JN&
M+IF5O_(]/ZN%PE5




\X

*17
2-X

M+Z0N#FF3;1:R1]ZJ8*4W9VQS/ON_=7KK3L8DF4D10K+SS-P)C-`U5#Q\U@

MI9C8+!R%]=#.;[CC%B&$KQ

S@0PL&O;Z/1Z)=5GL(RDX$=]:



MF*:
FK/`DH1YG7
_N!_1^87%UX/

MV5%DKYD7;M


ZE+11JD\FC#4.^MB%[,\=#\J!V('
M3(5[\YR49)6D&!-#EKI2FUP&YSXHDIW41&!@,C`*BX-*'*P=,-#@ZD9F2CZ
MRL[D1BSD/\=UD[QFN!K@@]/%:+)I/2)M7PP7;'1P';(IBPC0P@?9X
![4?7
M@[-G2'^](;VU(GKM57NAK?7T@2GK)G_=8QTP7;'1Q)2K)N)?!&G.AHAG!G')
M8I:LRIG+*&L\

%3_'[?F?G
/-(-071P

IV3N-`W:1
RA[R!\)D13%#(_&%`^269:S(F
MFC(G]N1#![W6[+Q$T;
5S:\IZ




M


M!UN&_3H86M[L;AH(KT+?=6QK9AUO@I@FMU;,UOZL=P%]O#4?NN'\8!O0=F
M/[D--[9__

MTU#RZ)
$X:;E[2=_[\/0=0;O]J0GQXY&'_9`R'_?^V$8O6.29/\D^`/^R^R;
M+3U:+GB?#WN1/UG45[.UYZ4?V$=\R/[SZ&&]L:/(SJ4`G(!8/':+7EZK$VF&


M(6!N5U+V)6P:VJ%T[4E7_F/B=R5


M:CV,)6^!(=L7%CAR)%ZWZR_P.9]A@YKO3%FDIR4EM/J4_27`_\RP@:BIY\
MR78VH^R;?+C95_Z)8:,$+CTAD'L)2`N8S]R%FYP/_D6C0)*@8.T/2PL456


'8.=2$6
M!O@51Q



E2)2[G;8`'A:'A
MVWV!XRL/P6X@&3K5G-&B`7*88)/



M5AS7PD`&E(;MY=Q]_I)-305I?4`HP;.R;)
.H`6K
_.W#
`P6$H?`.5
)=

KP@H6[KN\^O?]34$:@X0S7`5UF]EW%@?'P
MF8%E_E8--@C:R
((_#M+[9-2?
*@7)Y7/NS+N61:(IO&PLG(UP?:BSFPI[U
MWTI!%MO426SW02;#SA`+.L!V^1@A`FHA/^JSQ/30G4
6G7`

MW5*'F-0'+\/8#9C^
D`'VLET08^1!4*W?7*QPO/&T7]V`5
'\%HD(RSCM(8P
MS3(Z
K8]L[\.H@/2^
`RVD360SGT2[7


SM




G`YT$F


S
M2LRN[E=B]OU?U]='=_^'R=CWG\]O/I]]/CFZZ0I')R=?_[KI?KXY%VZ_7GT^


MHLVQS`PRNPAAVE6BJ+2S1'8)\R:PI;8WH;C7VHP3T4U;4CAST(UI'\!
):


M5-E:
GJ5A`VL*4R&

?0`CQ1H*J*
MP=5?M60&_($7XO7QGYE%![R:?/+S3?_]L7P?^2W7/K;I&4Y9JU:+U+[\P!


*_^;R5:=X45NN5*\K


E5:KU(DRS6T^LN\J;Z].\GS-5F(H&(3
(F7L2#+-CDG#94W

6#E3O&\H
:\CB=#)9MVQU/V-ED9X2M5@8#K!_/
MJFUXA=_E
3O-'!PQ7J@R@M_[02EUKVH`0HUO7O8



MM;HER,,9(VVREQ8'G\9E@K@_H9?1MY&T)!J%).S;]JXS,RE'#S?.#0L4[;2
MR(]X(4.+%6GRFF._RH%,,0A9C#CLLR37UV0.W.](I32BC!6-.V#K59M%
M=UB=.=/P*JJRWJ9XR5)'*EA]3ZH_#$9OT/=GR!P*=SY:X3R_'^5@8G!EE?G
MI:^B!-$


_!#=G
(:L!T62=1L&%$=L\:1X*30&CF`GXP#T'MCK*YA
MS8*@&%9KA_8FA(9%J.CLF7-2$11O(_:3T9$#QH`6I8LTBKP]O`A[*&WCHU

@


M!4A`]%#XY/_BO]R7_9I-46+;9B
SO6![@EVV
3KMDS\DJ.A-QY-J^43IN_'(




M%+)!Z!XL!!--+L]VI5B]C+6&9=9NWB)SVC50N*!8IBUEMJ]]*!P9P08PW=HW


+W53R7E
M/%ET3`HE$(^8Q(L)/'3/9+(

#&-'C8&$B:_U@[\*[.RFU`$R)
?AN?I0O

&!+]

M;+/`IY)FATGSBP2OLK98E*=M.G+@$K

M')4?V`7A3B?H&1D/2A]0-@O;Y&2FA(RI54_R4`VR6A91D2K_/A0^);[$UY$)

M3VQ


B7_4T29@8]9[G;T#(1C!OF[83J7B/EBF$\OV$!AOW
M2RP5R$B9#3!43W7P!(/J)RI[71GIZ!+W87ED-H.9VB@R^\_^169/ENR(\*!L
%12E3&`U<._

MU]O_UBQV^JW/XK-!2IV.IV@.A1LSKKRC@62VT1H
22K3?]+3I7)_YI4

M/)U)115B^XGL
#AM2`;U%M@I80W/4AZQ9Q


'NH

GZ'A7#-=EVB

YL[VYDH`ZQ(12JV@AB1B<\PYDD3-?
M,/=475.?J+YC5QA;2=381LTM&WCV+Y4\.K85RM2C?P2^%#E1_++;PB/]]`0






M24%D#Z8Q:'B0!LTPS

MQC




$2

Y2
M*+D.V!746.0I2F$V78?J*.#K1A0#\%
#J1@NS:`.OK#F9H'K*W?,]B-Q+L
M/I_J94U;JLIN&


QWW)[JHGZ*FER?


9N%5(+)A\:6E5C?B








M0DNLU%2\.D


$Y])SN\L5VBL1JU08KA_!VM+)Z^+
6W4K\Y99G/&5*.-N
M!
/&&]#



TBK)\9

!
M3P9CIS(
N&





77N:E8:!XV*\.[3Y^Z94)$..N\)(FHJ



?-<X3
M

M

_I(J/==KQX8Z.X5)TH$




M#!8`#)ZSCQT#-Y!YK%DQ'7V*
%+0(#A4PG&`WJF'PT




2:O&B`7J

M

59C\SK';3U5D5T[F'3&;U[\`Z]I

I]^@G35CMS_F9Q*QZZ[NB[GNIY_=@Z.KS^<W
M'P5?!8-KVOI!6.PF4BV!LYGKM=^7?JU.TK6F02S`LXC;8?OPGG8:RM=L'
M

UW5%^R&DE.V



M

[;IF;A=?






$3\DV=X78#\GUGY<TQ8B!RJLZ9FLJ)%1UK/*J


F?(.?+6QVS

MY[O*


MS_`IX5/R1F74JZHO/VW'JV
6*K+


M
?':DLJ8!%[)*V(NVP:+6P*-E:GK/1



MAFHQ
=_7\(1


M;-@Z*69![B._$1HX3ZX!:E$GF@YE0-A3_9GHQ2*N1Y3,I`I$:X57#SA+.C


@L@G2S70()[OXE`C$+=


F1\'O%?
B8HZ^C3T!02Y9[J.\'4P






6SIGR_3]7(TS$)07+#%`P1$FG(T[(]O`0%Q@.P
M90I5RN30:L8+C
@

-Z;2



T.-X[8

!$!YM





M16TGW


M#M)0($WESB'XWF0@N9WH@CXUD[@H`$E%D64**`#A
S*D0'L`-Z]A?B&'$9
M[D[0D`.^0J.%RV`N@[D


39AW\&








M\


M


MN38LBI[@VG!!&[9BVO`JLDR/?7
[%&ZOJYE6LII)MH@GL'K0)J7P8\+!5L&U
M_2!Q5'X$?D#D!`PIKNA-N`
ZIN.SSJ$012O8A






B@]KF8PUD
`'NC90@]3?][0HX_P:L&7`BU$-''!$(M!@
M9@SPW@A&DQ;B$:,-#$M$8#]HA[%]^'I6!_^/_/I5`$
:3P[&I$V49.Y`^]
M'`;V/$(7


2\<%X^9FC@PCYRX@4RX!GA&/54-%7^\'\Q!OP%[XRQH(5<X7%GDYD

M8

M*@RKZ!
L8

O8-ULJS4#QO;-R$ON$Z4\

97GR
M\3ZTMT(?]]9$Y:+:7?79.4:/YS\XT/_XSY!7_'4P=_^
_1T\0R%2^'*G#O[W
M#^7Y[XKTMW=4]F\D\M_=KW_7I+]]XM.U/_Y#\U;B2B=)_+\)#WO/K%CZ`^]F
M93_DQ+(?+[PB::B=9&\$.%RKH


N^3X_E8H
M72/.KVMA%

EN^&2M53:



MX4ILG86
]TH;Q3A7K=%,1Y19LVN#'-JR9/__8/]F]A.,9^1`_@W!!]#V:JU
M^FN6M!3#07M)/T0M)IT5LTDVCP+.3!@F'UQ6[T26CF3%GYDCA]5?IV7/KCS
M22K:)-VI0XQ&6&H_M[E92^*L.C
)AD'PYBW)Z!5G:1E%)[Y^PU#'@6:@SOXH
M'$@-U&9
]Q\@Z4#!T:7-#8DE9UE?8(\(@]S(K'Z7OX.XE$N6\TFRC9H7!Y5@
MT:$S84U

%45;W(]GH

MN&-3BF[&A


M(*LNP
ZS7$
X



M:];$9H-'^\IC]WU&_C=DKTRT)[$N3)VZBW\VE'VW^4[DV1B+S-HZV+_+:BMP
M\X^;?SLQ_QH5L5-M@0U8_

+@RK`4<%@@)BM<&_,HZ8]BV.YZPDY6L=BBK&Q66X`T[DD;*@\^72EALRX-




A]A^CGR/CHE'?
]WAB/43
M':E@P7L.&;/=_6)P[#THQ&V5E6V!RV/?8S.H.+=JC;WZ-^$+(M776:7$9!@
MK*E3`+P?#V\I?7@
0EY\@N\

\[86VA:)_Q0VI!(%/1=5H[U'66JI^2QV[:
MN&S

DM37WV@`?
M.E*PB2AC18


ML2B!-8LV'XQV5

)P9KB_L/L*Z_
9`C-`@

$J5,@D5:O)_:N@(A!L&

M


MVL%EV\B'PI$1[+?2K7W3[3D#5X^T$+!I1Y?)97^
R/Z^J^O^JS4JQ*^;!O8*
MF5AF#W$Y%(YET$YJS]-
4PM[6N+SN*..2L#%)F69R_J5A/AB+-]P3(NW6\I^

+E)
]2OR6+I\!DO]K6ENC\DMPG]G`?F'<QI:&QV_H!=L^QW$)7QRH=\1$




M\S







M'PJ?$E_@:\Z$U3#?K^SMKHFXKHO3UANUQ%HEG)7=%M.8:P6!PQQ[=OBJ11R6
MGM&?;S/AGXY?5IRS




W$TW.V@`RY!K_/PA$FL1SKF-^%AE*!%N68O
M'


3


`M?]9-SO49N=)SF+?MMX;;_JD'&2!I`)`#\V;CUPK\\)KG[F.0_
DWC:W[U91<J%.QC07[9ZAXX%5X5;98ID5?A0?E6(
@!``[
MZ*KA\<$C]FRFGEY*PX'C$
[OXUP$/_:F/N9@CL\I22FDUY2
G/':8*SSE^M
G+^;/5MX=B$?X1WD0S.LZ/[XTC&YOODYT[
?IA1&7W\Z/XD]O2]

ML*R%HEF*.T9G5*$+5
5#9=58J!#'7$65

$/[#61`1D![\`]
M]E`YC%*+[`]R]`5MD(B!$3J]K'@EC$(IQZ[A%VE0O:*J`\SC\5+\6=:Q\^9B




M54



ONA?-C^84SXR?LLL.+LA8)ZAUQ273O
M



GNI
5=5(

S?:D
M^N11.GJ`:0.!U6T;FQ:VMGA0]1E+NL`,$I82H@'J6/P-OQ58\UEGB<:-K93

M`%F0L:'GA!&P



M5Y(DTKRH#

H!Z:3TDP'JJ+\-@-;J



&.(*
%A29T144Y^]Z##5QK_9






\;]-$

7&8





=$$V^H
M'M)Q2R(HGE!7+*WG'7F68V=3PQ/?^!


MX/
)576`NR)5(HZ








#\R1[#7O6)P4G`L;`+
'FMH/

&JV8MLQ\.


MR5^Y09UP?78HG

1:_]_ITC
QI3$/!BO=6H!.%E$J#RV
Q=F_/

^I`X%G7(I^5ION]E4[FEH'HVA.


MMZIU/P)QR=WW;N%;OG=0I^M,'D3;&]@+.X5%@?J0O#*L6QK2I@#'#*[T%1



FEC:M/KKDEH=Z

0S6IH7%0V3A]O/M)S]USFO
AAV5
M_








W2;8SF_*D75ZZHFM[0LWJ2M3T]M42*.K[94N.




?4H;/JI
YI
M:X592'[$;5FX/&2V9:?/HQC.Q3B!1

#74?.


Y;%;M'%,;B*V!UBGVF:#RG&*<8E[*+\'`IFS2?[[P-
M\/=\$:Q-MHGVOI$JW&BK4&TKNFL['.^P6JI9W.;GJMNH:W==R^=\EO]/2FU
M;.Z%1CGA..$XX0I)N




P-N:KLOV

M)STG/2?^V29^H

HN]\B))7%ZUC5=M


1.IRUV

?+CY=0H&T\0K;$;SZ79ZLQ<.UG/2<])ST92%]
MHN9B%_WJ=__SP;4/AK(\^7@F:]9W67?5KX
_VKOKL'.NF\B`H\-\N5
'__N'\OQW
@#%1JHA:(Z@V<+$,GLDL)R1[`AR8([/
MA)%LST5;S04U[+@

$&1#7@$WB/;I@&CS@052#F6






MF;-I)K%UM'\V_=O1\87DO
^&X

MES!NQ$`XT64`9H;

MUH3P+O(*!
H#*'++^\/DY2&0I?W7I`]F!$:V`#I-]3P-D/5@FUND6OOD9:@:
M5==EL


_Z&#QT/2C
MN2(KGGGE.W:J1JZ






PFK
))S7QUZ\
M%Q0MK(ZA;&B_63C%


M%RL0

F]@J[D$\NT[0-+':@6
M;?'AYN;\=J:_@0=K82F_HW')'@QYGKFHWL)]%]BM:$$N&^=]TL+IPYV*P]S^





CP-.1IHSF[QJK



M+L%4`XQ'


]]8:9
M4Y:IZT2A8`&11``8&7RVCS'A


M@VE_2`E]EAC]7%!NK^NLN/I;C

N*D*NY;B6V[J6:\6TW%5D^1W[YG$HM%Y7
M'ZUD]9%LP4Y@5:`-26&[A%.*@FO[P=6H7`CL]LA)!5)(T9MP1V]
9R&=0R&*


O8_%3%A$H(DT6LWA6#@#2\[#RO%7T
M6LP`*U:%:`XK_T@-/JV'6.%7A6$5?8(%HEF





^(M@DR*P7VR`SU[!$L8V:AV-W8&`E]


5:]=Z`:XU
MU5K]%0G5:7'`WF(&!5ZF8\*W.CNM0=`DEV#H+8*8+=RK%;1-1YIB4O_(895Z

O$W





M((M=6


M+G

T-








7
+&%EJ
X7NI
M?`


!A/)-S

M2GP$)H$

/X[.L3^0N9*9G!VIVA
!_KXW99(`#

W/&3\=WSN/M24'Y(@IB=HC##SWX[P1_

@QWW\A8Z&='
0&-6
!
9+8&=''!)#5W`=OSQ;9S=/?H6C`J^6Y4!G1Q@=




M





TKIU=ZKKU]V1JA]JT@?D%(*'USW:

M):E2WT@FO


-/-3_^`]3



^






MS\@F\HS/!)^)?9Z)PDBIHAGQ%#<2!G,ADY5'?'FN:C!7?=/MZ6J&!D[Z5R:9
M0@VQ5:F(4KM:!&-P7ZA:8'N;DYB3N.R8:FJR$X[K.0




S#P/H/
D#M6V^Z)W'Z^'U&O@


MPKW9]YNH5SOMA9:A^2*1)]D&OR?XPU@Y@=^^=*W

^33$;_]]4




MP12JBXW&)NU

E^@^T+5`MO;G





MC6S9)`YJUI2X[UT.1M=7)
HI*'K#_LYG!54;69+F!=BS)M.WRQ\]''=T=N9T
MSU_Q[`M`FCEXLR;'2?_[%W+RIN;)Y=!YRJU_5S[09DV.*7ZX^$U=T_3Q-6N

9@\

MX)=C*R?IFZUB2@(Z:\+\OCJ__7U#5

P?Z5*0LZ?

M^I2+`

9B5C*[

M6X*D
!
[5Y%2L-0)Z#/PB&Q!P\KR\+/04V4+EBF(JHEI:_#+!):EBM@[(Z$G


M..:R@6T(%'=Z


D



M#U7I'E%HML2
UBD?58BW(A.6WJ62\4FU[
YD8




M/=ICI;^R?DEV1LAK+\C;R5@9D@W=O%*0LM;JB


MUR5_L7[M$=15D(7;W.75S

P%TMFK9@F*I8.L*CFJ-;4R5[:G.5%4-_XE:L'/OF/ZG
.V5TEW!1!Z;
MMH
/.R-5PZU+@
?1%$$!M.S98N9BBZ2S+!=B?P+MEZ4!V6OCL=F;IJRSK=
M)UNF:_3]\3NOO(ER58



P.5UN

I%=(`R'2!
MIUC!V4CKM'E:+P^3S2@E1&GWVB)UFAD/B:P/
P^)\)!(INEA&[T@&X6_42Y3
M2L



7@Y7AOLL:\P.08#`TB^#-2T)
#_+J?C(?Y[-Z$W8
E@*NZ?









GU


MY
G__L'^W9^B?BOBE;[(WZH$+-U






MCP2_'LZ+SJTRPOU$5;2!ILBZ/A
)
\4KZ0TTL07$?R;(3[*F4UZ%3R0J%6'!

#V1I3^HFEL@R4DY%FR
(4WJ(B#[*2%G!C





':XK'=4H$ICUG?/K89
M06?L473:09!\(1LP

M&\00Y*&E
HU(



#W$T23$)D17X`G0L$0+?T^445MJ^-0F8RYI
M[TP
9IH]4J^*E6I'[#06
@)!BPH]%8P\)CZ1'@`[SFE3[+3@+?6%1][]=7_J


MP7F7'0B5K


K2

=:LD2(*@)/9T.\&C=U4J2$TW)XU]IU.M;G0
M\C
_YPX
ML^/


GAS*GY\./.'F.@P.E3'.^GD?F^5PO

L:
M\;8$5DL*Q!.!3

MI?ZWZ=/04DZZWZ_OTF&SL)._!A91*-9%`*YTOQ__Q


:U90K6D-YU6L0B%0T

0:H?+[Y_NFF^_7N\Z?[9)P\K$I?
M=P_2'8VJ?YU]2Y3H69]-S:)

MWL0KK\8D=]%&L5F_H`!]I[#*3K
J5EOME
S!NWE%_DAM$5PIL=WJ%(^JQ5J$

4R7YO'CCP
U;\C%7J;-Q5HPUY^L1Y
M^
/)$88\D-O7PU;)T83=47#WBVG3J
$NW=8MNJS)D8)MR=JW0^;$J`!7:?SH


MW#

M!+Q-
-6)2L




!-`




M=(M8K6V[;
W[O:9J0^Q($E!VVVIR.56+M4!WNDM2&!_K70UL7DFL-=-6-\IV







H)?+568N'B_#6/#?89KV;BA8CM86D:&GQ$'!XCW&V[0
M#

MH0(_.R
3=`H.
+'
OJNP

G@=%@/9(?E+Q
M%W=^#'LLZ['':3[F2.W-C$?J&&H$@X'U*81+5Y\)K*)&Y5`X=2V\2$1&I%2C








KNG16*1AIQIL7OFWT$QAO)*S

MGJ98P6HC%^+H=C9:I5`H9;.CE]%)=

M
E.W?)Z+


]



\5-WW,U<,DH2D2(E8RSF1YWDBW'I];]N3ZR


M&9A]WX=CG84



M^D?-&


3+
M#G7;6


5J2RK


$YZ

M2#/DPX5
2@L;$=EX#SYR8HXGLC%C5&E7I=:?MC!Q+64DPQ/F`!Z4A\&C`]
2


6L2Z[IB[V:EV95



S




M:3[_PI&^_3@?C2^
S)?E@02.
OC)&RS-.&`;8G?ZZXNM?[_Z?45:)_/%V`27
M:B/!.@?89M@]/1]WCQ]Z.

-N-I/W'N7W$5UINX-T]O-A);+BQ-&J1'!S923.&`(7[BZ]WW8/NI[MKX?CH
MYHMP]?7HYCX)J^1=C01<$R*U+Y!\K<!L2,07;]P*!#N:1EK(!PZL9*$G&P^



MEUGRFA\DER\E1:*;0
Z8+M9JY


;:,MITZS5Q;94V26%B(DN4@DD=CX(+6X@58XT^5M&&B26*NW

M:`LB

7A4_F\J:
-EGZ
M3VGC^PUNK^USWE6K*MVQ&JUFLN\[@N5-I.1/&5M'VVV^H=JC1MMA3-C)+'2
M;HNUC?:


W)QPGW!N5J*61GWFYCU+U4*HU(PZD%_//]8Q!



M\$U8LLE^/+XGI!R)3B*=?WWQJ8T$:X=;P=P*YE9P$6@IB9)4$3L2WWW?6SMX




U9D*)#Q[=+)+15+*('(]N
M9D?+3J



A!-S/%8M19-U?@R]




C8+%
OC




?[@Z.OW:[7Z\_
MO]=H3^-'D6;%/7^MLSZU(#M$2B-:HUL=DIY2&;-S-'A0I-\T`J#Z3R*(G

LY`.DS%G13-FQ1


MZ^/W



Q-35

[

MO)JZ60^7[9$G(9



MF'28=$=S4!4+!\T!;LN'33%.LP4^U?'Y,CO`/D=BJ[B:K54S




G
M`L`VY=ABWUYN_W#[9UV
.IV.V*XVN/7S-J1&M9Z5U
A![ZUL_!R]:57/31[V



!8&OFC[?=E:$8X];/*K;0H_1/;&
\OC]@JH1&WY?X


MH^NUW0K6
O%:
^R1:@Q9D:83TYJ88&!IIB%ZVQG'EFPH(R)$QIL8;\V8XFCO
M

MVN3AM+('D:IBO5$7V[4M[T06D!(\G



O5+]M@JXM;DIJ=#)*DB=B2^*\M%\1H9
OQ@

52/1_62
MQ$Q;:HO5ULZW2$M*/1[3XS&]TAAW'.U]1IL;<*O&]*B<DSD0CE7M'\T8\BX4
MF;R$QZ0XL7@`KRBR;GMI)M]E2Y-[NAIW347O1$?F]:;V78WS2%0!*2)U69'


MTW)MG.%UQ;B7#5U[U&13.+'4ON8(?QG8?)80YFTR^
8D1[L8@J4


ME1E3ANR`&RCK0M=RP:XZ


MQ4-T19%\17%2DX\9%/B(53D
NP+$IWB$;O







0W;L5S%T4QVJ`/;Y`;2SRR
MPXG%PV!OP#O]+EN:W-/5N)LJDA]:^U3^
YDZ7?DVA5)[&R[W4$!Z;!W.Y-E


H[T545`ZLY%GMY7`+*N!

MP5ST544;R[K]OW_4__A/Y;#2K-?_YT
6P*5`\];NG=[IMX\_GY]FZ7!T[7X4


M7/PBD05_I7H_[=]1G2DNZXT;)'69+JU69CT\E.!#$%RK]OSL;Z
0[R[;K[


=&?W/SZA53?023A


^^VU_@.BV/HK#R(F0IT-3O?CA(


MHD7X4F!+


(X0.N
MB




_!Y$?*;.LE
727<\HW(25X4Z69P`7QJ#\KA[\K-W^?-B:J5<
MS

MGV$2G9XYXW8:U:JTZ6[M$AC3Q
XQY('A.R;J
(7[X=OQR8^4J6#93?%2`%.5


'%@'LNN516VMP-6@9E



RJV-]T;BL*433\;I!+






MC/ZYPU*B;_WA+PNS?9(



:'3%*=K%D.9IJ%W7T<=HFJNOV
L87
U_;&0GH!

D\Q2S

MWS..(_1


M

M_O



T^82?_B%[;0ZM6J*-4*FINPCR1OB)5*0ZS5

I#*2R7RUD3(!M[J
,<W5;+%6
M]^I9T672*@E9T&]<SR9D/'-%6ZREN'I6\[YIB<4L9JYL-R'C0L8RU[;%6N*K
M9672:O


3.+





M./@YHYU

MNALMM!%9Z-






ML@C81OAY%V_M^W/G]MO9)'.%@

K#=;HB=5MJV3F73@U*[*M92=Z4H]V(J

N==O859KL+'AR(.!
%7U@6QE



M=X5:9:OECVU+L:X2%U_

*ZIW_E:'
S:J(WBNU\!;RO8JN



MK=IG=-L0,V*)?3X1F6^WWZ!3_1]6\_


MXT+Y`O]^_W[S

R_]+'6:M87R

M/0UFF3-'IU*M+I1BS@C8K.@P&/TR)E0I?SB@I@YG=UG3(9/UD0!G5B1X/(-+






0P73'-7%1J@?T-#)S/K






LY=7QP^:PY9.6LH!U#FY[8AMJ2:V&ZNG\BPA/@Y
MZ-:W






5?YTV4

M


A
#Y33[[/?'S
X)J
MX17HNJ/A&

MEYR4_S%!%3WY16


_.@VARZE#Z*,`*Z[,F6)











A'&?



MB=]9C9NP*9^01`^]3)4G*G\I?VDVFV22N%=;):0$.^?CY$#!BC9(;(43V&HY
M?6[`&IF3`\]3%K_(`EJP7*ER./%'S#3X.MOE\M=YJLTIB?:U/&N.U1E9/TP-




M4C:6PQ1FY[C1:]Z-AB/D+.V+KYV!HVF%U.P8.K
S_]08/
/'EN?VZPYQY:Y5
MN9H@9&
[3&%VCE_AZR42HC-I/R)/V1AC-UDPPUY'9G8!?.\YC:;^JGV]ZJ+_






M.^CG90#KJ
TN!PPB3?QOUU3AMSND8G#;7;V09K!7@+4&]1:[?P%?O;/IX-


M@=O7M

@A45J;*E2BV%T1U@_'.*

MOYY&#?*I;J52K2*(9


M
7&

MNF\Z.BV^F.CHM



M^HPROB=U7



*]NZ]?X1GEZWW[E?QQ4V48K\%PC8@T

'77ONZ
MT'%#F-2%!+;N$\
[BZ]?X+KZ$

Y#:H`-__VL9.
M@WP'!L.Y'=E:1U8SLS[E]O6K?FK;W8:!^9FF90$''15^-X-#J/-GQ`0=V0
M_
[B1(S$4+3@IR[;N@?CYS
NNL@)P:IP
M-V95.#RA








W_RT9('S3U139AU:\)0I4765
RT
;







M12

MNLZ6M



*D`4V;;TBSXU8;6I=!XUH4(UR

;;*%4*7\)3M:LL

M7V41P4&B79@210S!D8V`HJ0M
C
WOJ'8#+MIP2(T;5UFF1M`F^\Z\SS0

8W:^P!!WX]P.Q%QWR4P
.!

0W8S15D`+%N&Z

&RJ7SD07DEEB_SVUL$








M/
#A3@R/
1N
Z8Z%E#L6-L2;U*7L8/;1D]S);6)X7-IG/=O&O3-QZPZ:SR=E







M8[G'S.

1419%&32-%$



M8DDCF)R\E:W:O+7T_&77WZ



MK-!*3@Q/#_;WYSNX-D%5K#`GXF+HE*J\61$$4LO0?X-?_/WK






S=WTZQ=7O/[@?7R[AKEQ

M*HQ7%6PZR8D'@W!G8'J^D(9L81#XJ`I_'BQ@.(41G`=/9WT4WTT_)$94-5G;




M1&+/VX(%CYF'!TUVP]G]XA;0I'H;.A_K\D=@(P

M@Y.S4E1&'B:


M7C[V5WUW2GV%*/




H:HE


`[]3^!EUD!6HUN:9[F7[L3ZMAZNN9_#B3HLXJ*EB8*6*5
M9S+5Q8MS/J:Z9&



K6U3
M?MOT.PQ,.V\4TU$I3UE16$4FE:#:,&'E3E593JB@T:^6)&+D[L*<F=[1JEN9
M51615?6#:]R*$TJ$[2[@%E,Y-*&J)193-.EZ9JKL/10AP/OFQ0@2)SZ:<








346DBI6DQ'J*&8CM4)U64R:



`Z&RRS*1`B

M?


5#


U3*ZD;,2U3O[JU2+9'K6U%C-&WMD$]6@6':7U:&XHB
MAB+9YK0V%#'YV=;.M)HJ$=O](O;7R[TMI4Q%A]1UO2HU5RV%:DM;DH8BYP
M;4=K@Q&3HMWM12NI(3$M1;^XS<T#ZT-1HS5=[<)/5I-AVD-6EN
`G3$M`&M


M

@-!IGU#'5=%E-E
DM#AX!
MLLV3YFA@6/#M982J#U

`B(!XHB$




Z(,I8$GWAL/E#;@ZOCN_:Y]YU#UV



#V']MMMGSA,^B+K*;J18TN#D`?)^:(6Q&;C+!5B:4]?%
M*B_+175Q'#0'$_@89
UNO16

MP!

M`-G'JW5/:+=YZY$@UN+_A&V6MQWG@2/`%=(M*[7,.Y:QFG_E+YJXC1=*KJ&
MV(-9*%_WUP[

U'







=N)(B:[

[
/'
M]T+&#&S&\=`W;SI-EC$]WXVAT
@9+`+):!#-$'W`]NUGTPO8B)SR;CF(D1?
M#NSQW'T9##P2#0*_#7X_\\%3X/!0PZ!?K3^'&PG\\A_?:?!3/*LG_MO465C3
M\AO
._K!R'_DT):7FISF*#&Z[K+X!J8Q`T(3
+_?'LE^H)3JT'$=1+/7


M!-L\;9P_


M4[DJ(IG'#`YLL`E!VQ+1QR8F4H`*-VTHK`BB()@QW


MK39UK4!C?[NCLB
9.^R84\K#EC/JIR3!49FR3=$'FSE4
7/M?S/
)5B
)M2#
M_`?3
2-['\J!NL[

+$
:UQ?C(1OP



_ZL(#W:!]P62U$?.
M[F*!I
[17$UM/TV0_V2+MK61)46'CW[Z9X:R?(E.9(F2:)L%FCBR1'%^Y`SG


ME+L$6N!PFAH#_T[ZIAJ^'@6!.X!QAD0U^N#NK&JZ#P?LW:+SAM$9^%!Z5`H
MH2V'+#)%;FLQEQ6F[$]!QR]W_&]7MFXOU

M\Q+N;$%+F(`VN*&G&IW97=


M8
8(\_[AW+WID]6

Y`1
M

N^`5VU!-



MAVKE.Y.SAX0ISV7EUC=5$XPBL^OXZTYE7B/R*?X1?T3V(F7W*
Y-B-[[EJ?#

/

MJ\%\=DLSIT

N!

M2G.DE'0Y2M-
7Y+'.W8*+




W:-52Y;1Z6LD6-`8=

?M^O48AXT[


L?NWGY[OAX
7-O56NE`LWV'S*-6


`#I3K3)%CD)$Y=





MK7_WT
:6A\,P]P-A
M\58Q;8L)7(B<1

B_$*1M-PL#R_:





MF9B*5X5Y^[AZ&VG*5%+%J9LL^5
7*V_


M&AH-#7;3GYK





[:+OM/9M9;S9=7
MVVQI





M(M4201@\IO*@P-_?+'-`'#1?
$XJ]0FI3XB#N-0GI#XA%T2I3TA]8OG!G!G\





?H^W1;%S2S@?))O;36O='!8



\ZL6N`DG'F;N;



MDGB1M/3-6(*3UUV5]J0TP:4)+A`K;[XVO3U6IK3AI0VOI!0XFZ%`\-3+Y9HG

MH`N):X;*!54NJ$)!5KP4$)'GUZS_F;_%EFSN9&.ZL8_S;85A+!C
C&-]`EC(

MI]*BEQ:]0&P;UXL7MS:F7%/EFKH!K+@9:VI&=2ZSL#OR75`61V8_:^+R/-2U

+T9J#
7-ST;^YK=LC[CR8C+JE3B4FSNW!AV&'2BOO

6N):9PB.K#\\_^0_.VT8*O
9[E6:9&-S_
M'./'.BZG^']D/F5`Y=%9TO6U<'$!#]XYJ!_@ZW4GMYKZ2TRGB
:[5MB
KV;





M#-5VX7+X:8VHWRR*4RHMAG%8F_6-M-A@'0I%+H




M@?^C?'R\!TIV&HX*S2EA:L83@;F&XP

LT-GB6_3VR=Y



$


M!!_*

P(_:^?PF(7)`AF/4T4R.!S!@99@

V
F
M

HG
?@L[KNONUW
&2AHY3#V(0#
M^MUZG

M[2J3=`ZD%I-'9P=GJ1A&T.6F

;[B
T
O4
W2/3!S.NMJ=`)

M$6!`FW_][1Z0!`C9+(




6-A(7M((+$GZRQFA)RM18/6]&U,EK_0N%%BS(@
ME:C

M%D?DN

F4*CO!6\






M67')
'`[3G`ENG=

M7!*YX2




R'/`72R30Z#&<^*3^MGV?JC8S!/WO
M3_;O[3<*&=\_'8UMQ&)M^3]*H_%._D5<O2)']*[GV'3ZJ2BM=L-\A9'SG


M!:-$;U)U2DL
.=298FA(%

=UA-HT0O



M4)M8IB6H_74Y&Y^#+%NDGBV0QZ)NU@7)8YP=^1^7BT-CBA5/OL8:ZI%BG?
MLRB96FTL(T7'U(J

MN

6O@I#65=S2]7D2N<_$^.*ZS\5S9CU'GW9Y9`N`JZEOKWT/TK?K7KG&-\H'



+3Q+C8#R3OR=#PQ2,4*%&`A08GJ7VIOUG'X\DG`H^Y6N1!)&^?

3N
'VEB`L072'@-N,32T&6?.)HJ


KQK?71=.A)^YSJ/
I

GNGQI


GNGQI

,_2C#.=8)AUT+(CGZP#-Q&=,44A+F/Y<_'SL!5A?^A^6(A?\L




#I<+

M`+)V\[L70G;T@^7@-L
KIB'


NOG^R?




8YC&O*TQ]+(*


MOK)?+M8ZT!NRQ



MC-^Z9`@6


F=
M!
&\'_E&T0QPL/%5M9DAZ']_LG]OOT5]TW*L^.IJ
;F*2$0X6Y*
3XJW\**:
M&/&OY-IW^*@JK9!LOT
(^
4D/(CH<N6%F+
#R

8WQEH


M$;KB_8Y.QD?





G69S-BM7;M?*_-63\ZN6[F#TOJM;5
!^DUO4P
MKNS'F?

MXJWX

1



*6I+$^F936%%4\5W$E6EE;-3Y

MY.Z7)(5J4



V






MEWMB_8RIZR3+/:U^6.XI;NXI




M-?ITQJ$;@_D&]:
E3H]-WY`T8BP*K&_$5

6H6%`$:YTUB5
!]Y9
M!VBL[K



MIE7TM:JQ7^)+L:*7_&O5

3\:4DF-*-L!@#<,Q3S6@*NFP)KEL

M-ML'A^7*84+6-ZFDP/JI/)5ZO9O%F3YJG8Y-VGPWZN5R+2'?/A(I
&T\X)CX



7_B#1QT/FHI1#/8EP]95$)ME-+0Q3P^_G(O!OC


M\]-(PZY?$?69OCP_=L]'U/6[7*K4*P=)[;J71AI!^Q5)_QWA?X8R;*Y
*'7^
M*Z5&4O:W$DM!$
1BM(?JXJ8+;_1[]UWJN&]4#I
J^R:5%%@?].#U76=QNSA3



HE]/Y$4^+X]?]1;XA`N]LBQ%.H;J6B@


BBR4

BLFSX:P0[^

D9,
MR)QZ<J-2K=4:2:U=(*5K9`!FMIX+%NOG


Y7Z
M_J#J8:51+94B
+5)D\W4JK7'I&=*SQ/X_LD4!UEU[(A#^C^D10DV_N!ZFM&7








MUQBV]167Q3`N`DP)F`H8'Q54[\BDB7+CF)1+G@-NZJ+@#ER452$8R&D%O?







JC^FR&


M1[51_Q5;8^.G_Q

K;EU-KF1`)
G##%2L);0
M6B8AB)Z9)JC\EE&7\^K.6@0GPQ8\UP0?(!E3X$+BKO#


3-N2*(N=^AMW*@;
]`BTDILT1A[BJ

M.RHJ
+--QX-C-&S(SLH

M\;$.B'Z@X2BN1-Q!PAD:!PP*W+4J\/\88VCZ6G-(FL%)?KB_7^$KWBR#.^/I

S6[0E5U0I-_A*M02+)_`+_\
Z'##7A_AF)AA]



NQ^X)_'H:


M^_9V&4O#*$=X)9.)&X=1^`^4_!J'0NWAL(U3#/UB9$5IN!`B6G$D*$O*4H
ML0@
\=##NUWIZN[@+;VRK[+3WM+IZW@)AX)8A6,5U1M19KA.-SU2BM@?-L]
M+P,L4BO$)GY!D=BKB5IEJSX2
-46D\_[6:G][#IU0%LLH@K`[UA69%*M7

MG-F`*;:+NILSNQYPC_N)0=?$


M?PUHG@B$(


&FPQ_U:\XCC8SPCVG
&1




$
$;H/%0_AJ'YXT
MMTA4B31YN4Y]`Q+S3MGS3DMCP[L\2;9*_&\'ZD\BZI(JG%JZ@\=K(T0+%0
M.7L2K)
D']1XKY*

M[G!6



!7Y&LLY=XCXJNX;Y&6;&WNF%HRG:;+7_:STV
N-SABC

+



M'F4*OC]AF^=`72J7HDV0CZ*(_/1'S:.6A?+H/EXD1%N@`M6B\.*E)B(KG6&_


MKQU$@V(@71&9(T].N)Y?/YLWYDTG82/`311&8



MQ&%L5(FD28%$160
.\@393P;Z^1WN]L9)^_]'HB[4B







MJ7V&$ZPNF$M\A
9




M(L`TDS.-Y`PK
`?V'D^BHK_HV/,L([TEA7M(6$-AR%HJ\?H*-HHM?+


M[G'G

#$S
3(S

M``.@JCE3H*HY4W5XP`!!4.```$.0$``.5=67/;.!)^WZK]#UK-RV[5RK+C

MN[/CT]&GST^3XQ^/CU


M`?


M#')VZ5
JV
J)JRR+Q

9B4!U(E?)/Z;


#-_#82











.N7G6-=D


M%9G.&(9WS&VQA@I?_\22]$XLL]H
-*7)=R%;^MV!7E/!NM3.[^@UR;Q%.6

6:
M!


2+*1)+J_




M7.M*Y\@/#?-J^:LOJ;`+[OA\X!JQ=I:P)
.`\?W+W

M8^_-`]Q$H_']0I[@*P^*S5ET&4FRYTI!8IM7_A%A@)T67GE)Q7*O7%71NKY=

MAXRV7@]67PN3%N&&

*F3-:*5KA#/PDD,[V?XU3T+.S$&




MW'N0:X!/$Q]2F69D]XM;*


XI





M9
XH#
G9!]U


A]3;^34[T'6\*JEV
M2P




&^\;H


LF6#59B5PJ@%?/1YN



MC@]4K)]_PYKY'W/+^O67._`_AS_LFQL[W=CL_O]_LSO^(7?,Q8*E6?:F+_

OYZCP/O=?&



M\40^ZQFBQ#XH/5W+_[-@6O[7GQ%Z1C=STO23F*D4C2L@6=6/+E1#L`%5TV[=
M%?UT*U

M_T?NBJZ9KNYL#I_=VZ^*8\$U?[YD6)K_ZDR=/\9]Y-2A]Y[WODF!LU5`6@
M;:$^$VADGI\II!V`ZM`-\5]Y&4)SYCB.-[KN%GLK8`#JO;OBG^\54N$!\2$/
M/E^'96BN-J[GS&VOAX:N5

(?^5JABH1VYM8/VS`O
M;?-*-0/PS)

M?*R0)H$K!5@EY\%K?6.93A4)M-H[]%\']8FGW\;S$X4T`[4J@`5R'MA6][O=






MT?7+*`^0W7)]QSS


=MA[V[0`.)SO4(&BWCFW52T9XIK


$


^APGU2\TR=Z9I7^4&!.-?!0H8T$50RP









M@[6HG?_I$

MT4CE]N$84


=FC8H7;

MG





M!;8[I4K%.]2@9WK@.)%Z[VZ/YWN%M$)`?)''$@CTGV+6X/;W#E&DYSF;Q9N'
M9T&UO;]X@I*BT7][)T)0TD4X2IK'BG
T!5JZ-N9[.R_=T5]:N&QNONG)SG

1
RX[A:S9ERXI9OZI1_P4,K)9\8[;H-0=
MV%@BP9,?.8C@DX5L$.K5KRC




M^]
&=0V5ZS_1C_&'_9Y6_4WW-B=_;U0PK
X(\!&T2PM0R%$+BR(*M\SSI;-!
M.*B8-%M$8C3U$:$R#3PYAQHC
MT:]!\B'WH_0ISZT$M:#:IPX9:4ULR#8^H;



UT=O!:Z70O
MO9^CD.BE8K4)26B]3ZZ0XBT^1MT:D4W;?]./;QO'1%5!+9EW[5MS&R^KQ@NI



T+


1Z;Z'B7/_(CU^?5)5\GR`*4BX;!E'*
ME;[OCB\'7BJ^MXF3$=[=)=&SP=UXJ
_*WV9([$9)A=F[)L9$R7;5R&Q_&'
Y
M?[


MU8.U*MSV
T/30[*;QF.':ZJ1HA]ZGY6G/E14$T%U$KB#C*!&3=??=F\6ZCH-

M;6K+#/#Y=Y0.H)BF9E!$X:)$05\&O/P(0E-$B$5Z)$=&J`@ALXU0.]LY

J.\J4W
X


M@_FYU.:7@




JCM^^(E9]?9W#S&;KKIH

















ML[(W2_RR=S][:6.O^GMKHV\^'6/YN)!!TDNZ\F5GPJ235GJ'7KHDI4M2NB2E


C?=9C

YOT(;8<?XF7&/??H-4A\KI,W@2M'-]!_BSB-[
M<[W]SG1JYF'O;CP7'T-NG.:VCL-H[?#P=J83EPWQX/QZ/:8

9S




C.%]KN#8ZYQ:NC)]/WZ
M)`F4:5_[L'6RUXIJZ825!NPL
934
\^?DC^=O8T^ZN:GQBC:WJRO/Q8(I7V]

$=DSS<LB2B5XNNV3*4!@'QQCS6\GTYFOS.\7?3VW
M5R86)NEO





M+U/Z
E_:EXF9JGQJQ!


M/K7@25?-Q;X27B$'OU)PKR2JLC&G[4CP3![+]NXXXVD=!TUF$9G,U]L+1%
MKHO?^
21[-OP2_==2B=G]+Y*9V?TOGYTLY/5CM/1/4)2?=;8X8]YY(`55P

















FG!1PCE)
M*4IQ



I:^U9Z=NFWRM


2/*$LY)6EF*TY&J
M7CH3F7*5



6I


;QBRE

BI$D_+8_X

MT

/*#C







C]&*5%_T[ZV

M(S^]_[KV?59#YANT))




M=

.4`)N3DH';;N[?;




_8A30!?HUNPR,+3@BF(^
MD.2VIH&\JK&ILEZ@Y`$<O5[[6IWB2ZOR2Y&Q&E(;^XHE.3VIJ*\JL'I*LEZ
M



5S4W


9)

DQ$6A
M)

RNGH9W

X1:I&_6.UK/'7.]MUY+CX\!75/MD$N





0EY7WZ9U*Y
MI

M-G+)@V
?+HSW'P$+1B%]&D9U9'X*:!*QJOX(W';.W36ZY&V7++:&4=)8FX+R


@KVMJBD(*T8^[HW-[H)_P1\NZ!KTF'H@T

MB)N+G[%[T;;^(0RSKAU:#\J/E.HW3T=Z7=-#JLG\Y


MHH]L=)TIXXV.D


M



MMH=4`U`@STUT]+5IO%GFS^4/^V2Z_AY`/^QOMO'-.

MZM-D`XL



M&-(:F67K:JO6K45^-9E0+JXPH=P#U.8A+"7\/_.UQ/RS6Z1@)&XW4[%)7+
MMA2A_`N7HC#Q*K-?



4G+F&WT)J8%W\N].'8LL

M*
RZL$(SW^1

S*T`HRYX*4)AASXK
?@
U(4)/VY/3
MB;@&RS%IC;=&-L.*J(*$THU:D
*THRLV^XW=A`A_6MU3;29$='RYNFW60TFL


M&\_D





9N((Y&%^0(`9&%*0D





M[!HN&0C[CXO/;$Q:HKA$Q]@2E:1E(E4#%W.C$OT=6





(['RHBJ*G



2@-CMIOK4
M:'7@U/&
R\N
G

3+C(S@E**

7
2\R
I.$2OPA'*:K.\3@@4;6H

_;!:

?ZP/6L7&]Y-
M*./RLIL`)3W16@:4G..QS8)B\%5\;\+UT^#HCOW=3;V8=9HTK-+M)*+?6+





MHC

A++_6+\!90


MZ%KD&:Y.HS/M.P:I#MZ]`#X_*/
2
R-JN
0OPE**J@&*%GE&2SO=UB1P43\U








<D]?3UI#G#8MX.
M4SZ.1`R

MU%4P_\.YK#MU?U[?=3T2)HG0;D1V5A152!(W15Y9?`E4C(
Y%K5C^V^F1
MI'J=POD!63C!PU0!7I0%95?XE8R;PE/9NB]'1$5SY/-T-GKPTO=Q`#R^BU
M@K`J\5:?DE:R62U)_1P-Y3];IZI#[C_`^2_:Q%;#HN%IZ-1?'P*K`I@1+S
M2^Q*)''S-;?&EUTJS=IKOE8!
*QL28
IP)+*$K*+VDKF2-^L;$#WD57*].#


Z



M








(`N\B/+Q]GJM-265SP*/+8;PH;I5%3NT?DSJE*

MU+P]!
L;M0[*D6?L-(`VLB/6)_69!1Z&LZVU2W^&^B(0J8DSH48*7(0U


_6CW5ZV0TN1N0-!32
MTU87HM@3@\Y)(@A=*2Z!*@0H)3^B;=A7^_[VJU6:F=1:X7HH)P$H`JQ9N@




@3F
MH0`=B84`:37IT!0-3FNAX^7[G2I:)7M`HLV'$]X6@$`B8$0:27IT!(-3'K



MM3'LUC'AR1
X?




7J[`



VDDY-X$V+


Y8:='A63XX'6R24
M;T1.O




MB9%7


;*;8.PU6!/M/J`4Q0D1FC]KK,U7I$MN(W9I3T0X\!0
M(?F\EV=(-?A519`$YGYLY9F;RM'?T$T&<U56MPM300F<PM#PU2#*71U`521
M&

@GAH

?):(1%B=*U+'''D1^'_#ZT*_W+C!-LY(F5H-!



MAA&9H[5A1#5X0E
50!&94=J3-:F3B&#SMCQ



U+GUA@5OK`
MP&K0)T)Q`'TD1G6U[KKJM
Z
MX=R:8:
VKAQ'O#RAHS'O=/V
I@8S@BH*$SK_:\/PVM5JW=U!K]*;?'2D7C
M.*OG
YH:E`BJ*$Q











&9`42#5H0E46Q!.)\=F%G]M[=2SL-PW/^)JQYJ5*-HK
M6P!4-0@#J0SBC,0`;HO,-O06W9U_=MGLW.0E3`0D\PI3J0:5*$J^*)QBN


L
;C



K0:#HM4'






]3;1



EL]+EM[1U4O[_H

@_YL6K(%IN:Z8W
;SP^]88[^;EN<^KA`=_O;7/WZ[:_%^^5_OG1B!7_!U)N/



]?RKV%
J



M#\A

M5S?\LTH$=KF\%E\MITO\=^MOR_OS?J#K$DYRXX=
SP48\M6)$:&L`OD
1D.K


.*D9T``Y]6M'U0+W?)9
MS


84P[/3]/VM!K#78Z1*&EYP
5





/

MR$:2DIK_3=?W;[;WJ
0WVT!7G#?3Z&SFBXV%RC?=S%/VV860ELK/+K+T!/DR
MQ;]








60J8`M()






M\Y44*4N6MGPBI9S25QR4:R;*-1-

M51U1'10=E)

$

IRS/5/*:EWN:V


XJ!YLS=HT$IQB:Z\F&-9)$:EL4^'



/;;R[]``WK.BQ`7RPF/`2.
D558)2_(I4

MKB*50@J


M%U3.!:7SO#XW[=2^?3USFC





L&YM#+/H



JZ[@CF$P0OB%$A
CN3R-/QH37#NU1<
M24XU^6W
!+



M[KF'Z:'&RPXZ&BLS`FAJL*HHOQRI)(*V![U







M4U&9SHN44U'E5-2+3T6-YI;I5JY59/_5WMF8[L]EW]D;;[JG(4QJOSY:=DCT

$I.UZD1:NT
V2.CZVR141_!



OY




2M)6K5XE;9EW

]J
%[F''B
=

M5G;/BTS@X05D#K*$`-5@!T51




%EI0L54@RAT=0%4
MD1B![2QQB)BT?N/9N-HF76F%ERS1J*QT`5#5(`RD
H`R$B.SE]W@V$&?B:PN



M$L)3@R%A-0'4D!C171AC[(&O\3]+`\G+G7$`([+2@X*H!D%HJ@(H(C&*NQHV
MCY:V/=RV:XN7'#0L5EH\8:E!B&?U`%20&(7%1
7;NMW\R/$:#\
VEYMWX^5%




CK

.7;!O5:=?VY+!

M2DB
NN+_IX?:;+QP)[AGG!U%^1T1!Z?)(H!CUHJ@(H(G.KV'NF'.X*=8V$


MS$L


L/&-/



M3I3.(66U;SJC]=PQ_8J@2N-ZF#LB4D89JNF+S#DA-;V`TK
WR_S3
O^4R7)E




.W?X2Y?(/IL




F8Y7+1(H]O+(14(9]/KE0%




M)4@KGO19]S)OH
P;*/
&RKR!

-+

)VOH
AYD#LFWUN2V

M*A*=FU-T=




O[C65[.M-IM-URLX

M\LL02R0H$6U`_IT=-;=S/-L#/K9$(;(QA8JH`DOHJLHOVRN1D&VRU@B'GEU-

SDHD



&TRV'6UUFB!

@4:!,@]#J:`J<`14&)Y)2UZV?7LTZZ)
MQ:OUCS7^*7D8CXTD%#P5^$%3$T`-:9%

2`T-AH$4)3



\Y
M7/J]842D-NL2


!?RNNBXY

=J9V*1T#H)NNL#_08O\LJV



:*T#
A(
M*TUY/E)5G.-IX`(\D'[?ONW(T5'(6GIX5V;,BTMW^24IKRE*2J.
?3R?EK

M.Y%!E&*D)C((+CVKK\Q++/
2F2Q7YB6^FZK
2TS7-[]T7N)3(T^/&LV:'?2Q
MM[L9EVKZ1)6U&A'+37J*[EDZ54F*6\P7EKKO?0Q\H$NXK;R7$JBC0@




J-1P1MDB'.HH[!Y*43%5HM&=/4!5IU!K]/YPZ1QP.
M[55N-?B@=5'`W(YU%@M!E$4!]G`%'JVO78=/K')KJ!KOC+-D4Q*`J;ET14
M;+5X1%<?0*41*AO#1S
JBZO-W?83;C!(2LJ]_J09U2UB!-4&;#ZN@`1Z;77
M6M5[
P-=15?:PD@#X7+G8`=QU2).6&T`=0H0D6YV23][NAUG6G
MS.L!8+G'


H

*XJI%G+#:`.H4(.*\;`U.+NE3[?7.F`G+

JN%I
`A0(






K=W%$96BSPTU0$4*D`$^SK2K)V_W'_76I^$!:\A7.[#8H*X
M:I$GK#:`.@6(5D\M]'TX&T^M3I6(?!1%'AB9ESX49+4(1%





`6K$:!6`:+:U^9P
M?=0U='U=N0I+9*.C<H<CGU'5(D]090!EA#%]B-=UJW?PM_Z..A^$)@J$@
O
M9
$B!5XM-H%*!&A5@`CWM=
[;_,Z9:E'E6%T5`D2Q!_B?YAA=MWJC06\L+$<$!.8.18:`U6(.17$`?0H0

MABP3G7OA(

#$S
3(S

MH*HY4W5XP`!!4.```$.0$``.S]:W


.N^3WG15&JY6\W__TY\VF\T?.\=3/HYGJ!?_

M?_K+[[__]4_'L]`CU%^_'0[[3;WTVY__\MM?__S'CV7WGTK1ES)=QKX-G!P.
MCR(\.WKSU\.Q?_[3\UVU$0?_VVC_[1S/2GG9G_?GO__][W^*W_VG4O1QE$J[

M^^]JW'_^5S7N_[)_N=IJ]\;_5%)'_J/^`_T$_GYF:W?2GV0CK?46HUFWL6HM




E@F4(._N
M8TR^ZP1%33!N.(0-XR`$CC\@

MTAI-$\B`WMI'=_:6


SJO5+\9BCRG/[V



M9+H
NJ83Z*1Y
Z4^.RLEV;MWHSOJ;DF]'X9ZPU\A*..)0V'8_MT3;)N+EEJI

AC


[_5

MX:L'@Q/.+R5T)U!=5Q@$17:1H?=E=
6A

4P0^E(H<VD#(:(%Y
M















M
@\GH9)I4#0L

M)T\Z(#E^_03`GJ^&T*\KA=KTD3(EX_9(_3%=1XR:+;81O1+P@=[:QWOV%@DZ


JE`*`7T]4`
MZ9

M]$RSR:''B0W-H43S&]G!4$US:#V9S';@!KXF/7;'_*$T5T?%U\2]PW%_*$U]


M





/

MOKQDST%]L1)\4*)

M5B



M=&M8TF=B[408U#NG-\4GZS;WU`JA`#`7@.#*0#

':.ESX37.`4^#YIG^1






DNUWT@Q6(-B




J$\S3\).AX559T]3M?](:]Z3*Z




NGS0M]/'(K_1_PTW(`F



MFD$\MRL&H9`SQNI&17
^S)#`;E%
OG
=+TQO3L)9]I(*'KPSR3@*XP'E/4E&

MP)V8[(D'GGNZ6CA^0Y6]_)SW%O&V)LO2?QX._+]][YNG_XJ!/?20$T)_@E'O

M5;.'(T('666V7/WL[^--76(`[QVO*4[?([J(`-QIOZV_[X`W[0W4C7[VNHRD

M1*X_

-





=RZ+'WN\2HD[A@2`KZSODQX\S'H!`3=X3R03$4.SZUD
M'8;AFW0V)2L(TFD4C3/C^1/
QCGBPY@CR?R&LT&?
,I5QU%F:2Q]%F)+0$(@O+S!?.2XS0!-?EQOJ[5`8
MB7^Q'N`$QDA_,$_KZW0A^W@._M(SY_CP3+H#M`4S:-Y2HL]-.%T^'
)$!



MG



MDW9O\;.?ZBN*7
]WR]A_+7O?'
M]-@+Z5MG-5KO]NY&EWQ8&OAZ&)?7`-7S#LO`R1Z0Y_=O]*@\I]GC*BO%R'[
M2




NE[V59U4#OZ44/

M.]0)\J8QDUQY&CC+O`C-LG&$^_&8TFI66AZ.*BUVAWD&N\E7/S/_V.QZQ_M#

MQ+O4VI]9^E];D_G_7IK%70





+O^XPY+YPP
Z&FK
M
\!)7X/`69?.Z?U;+YW3F

EG#H\J3JWE;&:8G$\.)[[FUV&D&(P01T\LS@-R!GJ_-


MX'=Y

Y


ZYZ0W8X@CXQLPZ/P#3X[OJ3OX

!L&X[A#@Z2`MQG7.Z9_\98`[
M^\3C--7^O5WN#PK6VJ]3^PPO$];A+'


M*#^6R_?HFD_-WT=?GWK6GR$I^A
`IB$GD/-

'U&\)N-F


<4'F2&#:G'O:FS',J
MS8:5%L'2W,[E]&RP,7$.@\?-BN-SXNO9V:(W&DQ+G??%HC?M;$NK16NZ'._[
M\4YW,JS(&__2X6\5F!+;YB9RPK2<CUK.0.EL'R++A$6BVUT-?#8&K_G4I1Y

:KMB9'HO!?/C?IP9W



MQ\/4`*(R%


N5
MP=Z4.@M?^Z\=#BJIHW[[
CQ7B#JOFK1&_:FR]&Z
MMYM9@R_V\IYWN/`S/H_F(C!OF$07A#G<&EP<FEH[7BA^G5*SRB=G5+:S_2&



MFX3.2NB
`*P9K;.;A]*A7&
X(


/`DW[%1Y:!(Y7.


M==R:3;]-N\VO/B%?P[SOK7[VFZV/Q%?


XW
MA



&QDZK@&Z1]W=]_J_Z&H




MU7HRZ2J*&S@NT;U__'[?_%D/Z[[+Z!L'UL7IS@J]SKRVF
U[B]6V-E9WB].N





4JG4

MGJK/I(.O257O




5
M0X\F^]=G&SK63O]HW(;$FER8`+:X-SD;X5(X2QCBFK?=?





ET-%1I=:T6^JH7WI?QX?'GWR822N






[J]$R^J8KLV46U0V//C3@S3B:IM&N64A$
M#74SG1DTSM7;.#+PZ[#PJ&6*@W3CVZP3+?LJ2C;:&
WG4?C?IMWK2
['^Y'H


S.'
M1EM9]DYEC7O#XT)UOTZ.#R.Y0$*M$5T]LG!=Q.L13FA-YF/9W'7G')OVNN/
M5FJF?0E2R_3PP\.@K,-I'@(9!D7T\?;F\%#GPPC7UQ:C1:]F#WMW4$!WFH9



P:-3;

J'E_3UG]GIC

M7;=69O%RH^B*=I0U\93_Q.

3B5I8Y0V4JJ%5#K\F[:U



IM&O
MG=Z)P.N9:'OZH:%RWM-)F&D;-`U#+;QG
S6OT:\I%M5)O]3Z6H8]/SLY//9:
M(R[%XOR6$#:'L\:FT1GVNN_CZ(K]J_?3\L?TK.;\6[\_&H]4^T'PZ*:N23J;


&^.LT:B+L/9(;*U1V3O








Y9[EP0&V-RU=4Z(
MU9;7N4-V?@+9\0&R85UQJ?O6DX:.V7DUZX14(D5/(+Y&R@J
^DI(XR_/]0YF
M!L+5_6SZFSX=*FL!Y\1
2\CLEG/P^'8RL%F`JRQIR=9/7FMP^/0+8SGNM0P)NW24/


MGV^YYTXHL
M[96$)/]VUA#


UX'HOOKB9#GY

MTV!%BHV5]$*57%:HUZ_8#(%\64O.('*M=LEC&UP$TU(/F=K;Z
IEU1OLEI/O


R[STB\<141&[(B\G(SG
M@Z`O/./



-173E:1Y+ET


MLLNJ'(Z-+JI

]]`*[A&HMIJ/I8'FX5BRWEJ/.MVGW8C1^7_6ZIE=/-E;2%TZY
MK%!?
]D

EG$
FS%(NMZ?M$

UQT





M4SKJ+5]ZBUES
_LY[:G?&J



M2D)6:8W-RU9.K?5'UP`T=Q.]LH['_[&9;R;+[II-;'%7YH+N`J(L?@'$:N

:H
6EE
\%AHJ__.O(JL&%&22


+RFM7:HMCLE);67/3D
ME%5/_`Q`4N.1JE%?W+ZL[V[C/RO3+INF9O@C%U7
7T\S?A(`I15/&)A744

M+ZRR6?V

'045H[S?G(*9L^
M!F`8JH;\O5BV@WXJN%27
X8%-

_IF#9S@`BJ^S`E$HD7.GN

MV6^
!M-1?]1I35??.IW9^U0U1ZW-QJ
.--+H#_6@-OX_`F3TQKS\VE1O3JJ/
M%^JB89&`*+^C0]]1/D?.[.3_$
CTDC54(ZWDB^#8V73G07'PQ$?IRTGIX
5W
MYS\!]LRDOGVIOG]AD
U


M




9D8KMWHR359XUJ]&^Z0_OJG&-QJX'S[$3#XM^&?@C

MI;T$PC)T^(%I%Q2GH'JEW%LPS7
S
VZZ
V64X





MQM?Q*



3KC(!JSGT@X*1%KGXI1!
MJ9UQA0!






@C5#4$VJ2*1T.54R`$.SK\7(*5J




M


M9$W
`8)
W]

J71Z?UU_O:_?1M

MY








MI]U#H[9=U^\N*OFS&V;!/
.E+$A@#0M;
M
!


:.1+/L9PM$J`[KCD3



MY9'MZ*V7CX=N
]E7V



#5&S/

MN1
S)[43F@A6R3)H+K!:)5$JM'+FT:&*ZOFVWGQ5
:IYU^C]Y_QY5&_'/(\B


FN$7YV2@+_=T)V).;#
U$;32S7KF@:O=

M=8\&:7G3)61*;


.61&YZ=&$+WI##L=!=DL.F






M3[1::Q*@-1F.9




'(]KL
M71L.6==WW`L&W/#+C$Q@F;L1O


M&T



[C_N@@
_
M6(*&M?AJ/3HPN6B`PM3^*W0RY0QEBH&0)6K'8(Q2M(N/`VQW-DJQ$=_YF`2)
M


MO5QY4V-.:O-W$:329
^\4
V?0
FP:IU#&\/6HE=N+7O=RFPR[TV7^+SQ1_OB
M6DU#1&\\1O^WE\WDKO`TQO;?DZ




M5YWT7#*MT?SI5V=4$L\&@_.1EO5A4:=HC;=
Q'MNP$V
8]O4K;4-IW'Z[MSR


`I_;-10$(`QI/H


MAY-F

M''ON)D\%4MO
#AN%4SE]4WE!3)/G[AR@=DK6U*B6R
ZUE[M^\S'Z(Q:8Z\_7



M



;X
MY-+)V;ZK)-VP-B/XU*5J(MFA:98M*;&9SI5RX.3-D)7=#/-TL;D;1B^M7OLV

MS)I$

MY'-7OS):]RZVR;E-1S.'R4U;



M4IY$BEB20:A^&++I%(V%+J/+G@^NXG1(#$_'D5
RC6-4@&N(39-1=R+1
L


9*3D3P9
M
6U$!H-H\+)Y$0J#+C6FK.-0]-U%QPUP^1
D8$NL2PX[/@G3IE`+3,E#4)Y
MD^6RL;E]Z*S5K^/Q-KESD(N)/(DR:4(&ADC@LDDR'01=BDS8QN'GN]^,\SR


?`8XM

GH`O-VF#?'3H(H&AQ38H8E.O4(0-=R@O1/-BUO00E!]OFE5+[E_N
M/^[?EK5EK9%J3^=@(D]B39J0@242N&PJ30=!ET
3MC7X*T(5$(:S_%DS90E)
MEY[*?QQP29@GS8!IF2!)D

MS8=!I'LZJDNR!VZQ-.CQMAUF6E`B]OFNU?/UWNMB^)7HCC;*I+[(;5XZ1
M8WF2+6Y
!K29@Y%-N;IPZ+(NZD6#W2)4&&4C
W_NU=A$TJ^GDB
2)!-FX+Q0


_-($G04RV2+1`)$Z`!


HWENN5&C0G=
M]F0-1OAF7!

M\^;AN;J*K@ZWY?N;9G]C56N/F






M5]D7C?BWYL.Z;9


WCXD

M_49(T



MR*4,6E@ES]]0L:0[.FIC,D-IH3)TQBGEKF3JC
%:W3]-Q8S


19E'ZF;2$ITU

M(


S#B.7JFM/ZX:ZDKV+GI//8V*)U%MDF2V
MM3SY4F--!J+9PY'-HMIXZ!(J[D:#X(4*!G`
W^:U1E%
JZGPB4:.!
FW]QX

&(B3_)-FI!*!*X;)I-!T&76Q.V-?@K
M0N$2AK/\631E4F=GHJ5''!)F_-@&F9)$F0R9L9'U\O57+Z-7Q)*ZGVD0'







^Y=C%I'%






M*V-(9/2DDN7-^FKUMFC7%A=/I+((&2;1P3/#GMD&#3(0I4N$)B!MIQYYZ!/



9K$)%[U(=5'C3GZQ


=_5]1[ZH5



FZ:]E*_F



)K^^).0']R\-`!AD,AX+^U%!=PRB%Y_6`_7KU7B);XA'
Z08/-AA]2X4GT\SSSL?


MI&-F'&-0LA!(YJ\^[N




M9@P_&/'#XQ010
LQ85BDKL,97*,:V\ASR3SIF5W
MU=I3_`G<KYNWFV:;6,LP\T1:EC+OG6C8@(/1,B!`$2U+^N6C6<%[L:4(=6R
MM!=$R\+KO^),1DM,^08O98%03)O6E9KQCOKSC\ZF_JZ0[V5+&*=2,F2UKVS
M#!EN,#J6CD]$QA)N^0A6\'XJ&%M(12SE!-&P\+JH.+!+1L+,Z$6O8'PRYN`
M3:^Z@_K-9MMM;CCVL\/
$TE8RKQWEF$##D;$@`!%5SIEX]F!6^A@E*&5,?2
M7A`AZ^-B@O%9)3
D&/T4A8$R;QIV7.SVKU5;RVCN]+VAEC*$.M$2I:T[IUE


-Q@93


M)Q*QM'WO1$.''(R001&*2%G*

MS]%V[B]O3MO2$


%.HITEN:C*T-PF

M[^R#!AJ
$:$U&^4Y]\=IX1Q.0'J3:=NX!$;/P.IG8TDE&O0SX1]7W@E%

MV@\A[Y@^`@9-HX\TI\`1!^!(SGTTI4
X







M($CM2\U-62TAY.'2.B`-GW8_JUOUQ^+RIKEMLRLXXH]-OY/^`B0Z\I$$K-WI

P
H-!NU)O-.QR%(^F
U-!:C*+.&09UC%


`?H/IR`M1X)VY/40]$(]YH(
M9LM;$=8R*SWL&^DDP[DM;B@L]R7T.6@NH?-A\SP@G8\_HO5ZNIB\?MS=;Y[9

-J7

^?N`N0X_($$K-FI@'WU
MFSF+0YC;OUQW.(27W(UF$EX1K2YBSA['GOK,&-9)'N



GL0\%8HP

V




D^KPE*^!K_5]-^$UXS7P9H0TN(K0*HXH#_BZ.
B?2N$XJ0
@V0]-J/)V`9Q^+V51$/A2.;!'ZY9G1ZYG*7Q</.$7DO
M0ELZ9Z9[*X[/0761^OB@N1Z0X*O_;Q[G\^7-TZ:[F?`7U<'^^,KI$OX)#WR



M^*O.??1*[?GZ3;W_?
._Z1WJD4WHTQX#I#[ZL00L\%#




)6+.QN'W=

:











M3^R`!^9915)!
0K(N2\J
@33D88`Y`2RD;0
O37<;S5RJ97<D2J&U[08L&5/'-$.T[-\8+$QJ@CHDHHVP71!



Z@T


M-
N7-8;=EBY#AGTMN-0

M(

$[ALF$8E8)YIYBP
ME#TT7BZ?J[%2QTNQ*S?;
8FZ0P[1=HV!.==(/T+%-(:(SJ!'DD8TPANP=H






,FYLT4[)0`M2L-?-RQ?*H#$Q*$!
MDM;V`?37]<=SR[Y'S8LWU-7!/XLN3\'_ITSOQ`!I/+^)A[!R^7;34W]^5Q9
MM]W2OL:@7=:'#$JC7C



4$\Z
3CZRS4O3Q7C`ON3$)$`.6<GT:TNB8)K=$A/
M168,O,BWP)7G#XOLV!+(67Y\,$A*AJ[7C_%?5W?16_=/UT,WV4'-V<E,VIPT
M+=`!^9(1*`.V4CYL05Y

2B!=;?_0Q
M58_.[Z)7R\_SU;;LN/0(

MP4ZKB])6/32


CXDCYL#-K#A2K


AWEQ3$OGS[(DFB
$I*'J8028HP

M'1(9\MTE!;$OWQY)DBB
DI*'*422(DP5\8FOYTTM'IL:U^OR1FV(1S7UI3/M




#0T[
G''C]/5@UE=1(1P1!6?S\JNK!`F15R1X&*$3BS`H(:`0

MW&E[\HN6.%%
^FEK:O.'E<=:6<J??M5!
MY*+#\)`H5B(
W#*11[H!K
(R!Z;ECD8







M-S[I!NI=GY#@6

MOZHF'1^N&M//Z[=/?+$JF67723K`LK\9!WR8WF4(CHUWJB[MDIH^P2RWHN
#
MS70=Y$!^`98H?9BG[(SY0SAIYY5`XOH3/]^*A_M:OHG_6
;_[E[?S*ZHY

MD:

8J-4E_U&3YMV(*#4H`$IE)6X=%YM^$1D7OO!*C%A




H1$L?


M)FT=$9EPVC*X


MM)
R@:U04IZXC.A--P84QS,L+SA#N+S`(V?$%4;]/WB.7MY
AV_1CT9_

.J-
O#@O
M-*BQ6I3GW





MI&F_/:F0@7I7*B0X_EYN9_D+IHBP
M*^B:NJ4\(




M/:UAM^0[2!:TZ4$626C:6V-.D'U9PVF`0$`JYD[7N5A%V.[:/ZV\+.N^B$4Z








MF_DDS?IK38(

R-G2$';-X)]&;I&U$9L)ITF#/
M$UYU




MBQ0-FA-%M6Y`7M(U$A!YTH;\6*
W4%'
MUE@/9KF-*XRM\SMB%D[PGMJ!%!/G^'SP-XMQ8OA7B;'KR^J+]/7?O1J]7;N


BS
M=



&\


M7@[Y
C/M'R]J-`]/5\/)]=1IEAVV9#/#GK`D.^
(#\//S'HJ%OI9]7
7]D`N
FK]59






U:BLOL%%YDF@'YT]2L+!XQ`3T


<
MN5(AF#:6%`AW4P+8M'Q+2R%
&E#D80(
P)00?9E]^5M0$F!I:+7IW$_W?


V^%Y21':MGS-@=CU
JF8




I3)&.`_H0$#XQ'1Q!_SNPH6DET%N+=
M5`2U[J'MIQQ#F#0D'T4()


1
(]$6G)2\'PS
O+37%ZY2@%NTE0+`HCP#\&'YDP(P)AXI2+MRQG_1JTUP':3`L@P
M(@4!U%6[$8%)HR90`%LE00[
3ZL:XM;M5OE['`73U67+5`8]*Z+RM@TD/7
MC]%:S^?&Z?=FJ
M!RNN8I)EUU9
4+OR+

M

M)!TY8[YHQ=DHG-U$(6T6$8
`*K)=X
\D`H;X)TC^D@00;.GT$/WR6HG^N7MZ
M_51BMG;-^QJ3U@V=`)

BJF;4]J7\VY;12NQUJ';L9D39!G9

M:;LF=U/[M@D_T[X\

MCPA(`)77%#3A*I3(QQ.*0@D/1)$3D[I:NGLWKT_:N_:U=X_.RYPT)FTE!#(I

P'^14

M]1S`4#PN73J/AFGITHD39VP7K7X9A*[CTJ4SDT@B#Z!.V1;J7$N7LK%.L71)

`0)JW(1Q$V?#`$3D%N=I&+UT\-J;+[?*68E$1
M:M!6-=(&Y=F`#LJ?4D`A\6A$RI,K\O]:M)F'--NN@#8A17AKP$4
#MQ@$D+





J84;X1Z@@0O!WO!)D57NS;@UYMM]$KS/GJW2;7L]:J
M=8

8A(A3@SY+0B'LO;]NGI<_$6
M;TMMB%UWI%-;]56+1K\K30#\^?7J!Q\0@&[
Z9%T4KALX`NYMD8
81S0B@
M%-J='$RBD8L=!*HA3P_!F:G-K!']WVP^OBY?/^






M




YN@I`VBRA!`*7++O!GD@!#_!/D?DD._%
/(!93SN-X`/TO!</&!CC7CQI?\[L*%K!<Q;B

0@$`MQ9@AVTEBW'U]?5?/QROU5U_G!
M!&+.NGM&PIR'_@#P@#QVS$@%Q-0KX]R/
]J+5O.
(=FQ/T;2*I+[`ZAR=D`^
M5T\
(^A3=








PY0;$%CS`I!-MRJ_6WSS=O'36EI7Z/-ZASUH@
ML]8-NA&S'IH3ZP?HL54W&AA3OV[8GS


MD3/FBU;IC
+931#29A$E*^V07^3!)@B'^W])`.'=?-Z:T5_16_&BV0@S







*$
(]=-.1.JG39E`D7=M@5!&NFU^.GR[A4[_JS/W]JNPH!9L^Z.CII
MST-Q)S(DCW70Z8B8BI\3CIPQ7[B*9PS.CF7.*;-(Z@^AMMD!_EP%S6;XIZAB

M+UJ)



J@LQ#OIA2H=5@O_A9`'30!0YA4(Q]%+3#`T?D

?T94`BK-)N
*D


M[8













MASG4L(==MK(&Z7''.4UH3#O/81Z=F5*T\NEL[#ON1(?;1S0F@*)J$JYP[4R7
MDRP4.]3Y8(O@/D

1U*#UOD(I@Q[V2
$&Y7$?(2`D


`D!

L1#TB-+GI+O5`=




MB:(5=^N![B8=B&U




#003WU)YWKLO/





0AT!M?S!%=
GL8U7*N7MC&^X;W

MG)N&







2B[)?V452SE!U#C[8!]IH1O!GZ=^)?KED

DUW:
&;1-^VJ`\[-%!^4OZ4$@\:3_ER1WZ12OVQD'M



X.8QW0B@

M$EEVT'_NJY^O\=3
(GHS_J6/-X-V-YD__^(F)0&=.3`?F5D7%'6:1GWE1GTP

MY6#J2UV@:IN/(9-P5N:L(&5&-GEN-H:V4X;FQ;9$GKX9]CL/Y7G]=3F-WK#/





M.^/I];5]HM88RY^I(6.2@-8


C







9TB%9ED
MGL3L9C.X5!5*ZY?HK?CUAR=2.=
Y(!$TT(%GOND&'8BH(2$*R!KDF9%SP92



3$#CP@%
M#?



0DA

MQ4-N3



MY.JZ'[VD)EBK[?Y'_3/NS$RJ63H')
(%.O#

]V@`Y$P)$0!'8




MA`U`D(

!QU]3D9WSWN%S45Y6+NOK[$E4N2N
IY2(Q3D@O




&KZJ8D8-.1039(:X:\8O-









M!:W*!^%-HAGGECULFRI#!UZ5








MO&SO



M4JX
\ZZRA9GWQZR

Q)!\58`G?ARIT%!^QJ`\*:I^3FSC&A$.-T+


L]7Q(8UP8O



RCY08E
B<B2&9'(5<D'DWR)TOCV

M0#^P:'&N]O/!+1'A



^K9I!EFE$[
RR;U9!PPQ%LA*Q22C5J4LZX@2S[Q(=


MM5@$3*(4.8VW


G%OD(N:)



M-Z.0P88B4.GP).0IX96



M1D6)Q4M*GFB]$)*
9?@
DD4=9T[Q(G5_(.YT3,)MXZ=UAJ[N@7BH;Q4`A1
M
V)G\@VAO#$NK\!)4$XG=07CG#?%JT\:=P]JM*JH[+89O?^*]S6D=T&D=:`+
288..1@1@R(44;48R)F!=/HB9HDI-H%

Z46O85[XY4W%;I\[
MV_K@\_YRLW@@EB_(-)%NG9GV3BEHH
$H52(X$8DZ]4G$G6`:
Q%R@524SCW(
M-V62I8Z
#!EPAUY_9


(K8&T]R)EVJD:ICI5+[UDW=FRFBE'37II=
[-_VMGK^L


.1M+`$&76**8\4Q&LX!TZ

MN5+FO9






^J!I^1ZG0D3@4@!S)E#H

M5A9`F_(\T`W-GR@@4?%H`N3
E@+!=`&E0+:;(LFY7M^A&!20]R
(%`#H2H



M6XU`K
5&^<[

=TI)!S90CV8



M)K]DH=YIZ1=


/0)
M#U)@^0;LFY9RP924

]
MR5?

M!AR&G


MTI$Y`?8.U#%'%^&4;+F&9$.:[/R15DV

ME6IBL6R6KYQ3OL:D;=:'3
J#7S




@_QF9+*4X2Q)R
49JNH$:=+(
M4VLG1]J9/?JS^N'R=-N?^8'5YW)MFPK,QK+\I3)'J8_D='&QJ,QN$O7LI[?
MZ8Q!OAWDQB=`Z32[7?_$D/#%R:%R4T8`H'QPA@Y@?DL[Y[P+)H=U91$O52K



M=&W\7`U:%T*D#'I8)8X-RF-)!!`24UU$TI
K\(M6%8U#VK%$(FT72?T!E$0[


M20*Y['_3W+7ZFUQN/\?CE7.O5





MT`W-GR`@4?%(`N3
E0I%*V/6(MQ-%F#3B#`$4


MXTFS\/'$5#;U5
M6]%`K


FP@CI1CZ&$$B'/$7D]&-8'T=CV\P^

MV2[H9Q(`0_@39'Y!_
NE_';W43UV'ZI_^MUH@

B4`@`Z)


Z(
M.=OTGC0GCW5D0/X2?#H@G@R?\.
*]J(5$&-`=LOQ*:M(D@^@:-@!^$Q9W@SY


M61$P@]9ZD#+H@0#8H#QJ`1`2DQ(D/;DOVB5P#BD'54@;1?1@`J?YTHP*4`




`D!\9$(-`42;(8'2ML:TW'RZ;5Z^7#H_+$;
V4I`TIP\[I$!
M^4O^Z8!X

V5[
^03I'HYZ`NV@7NN


MQP[`9U(#

MHTX%Q/1T^MR/*]B+5G6






LN[:B@-J5IT36


M.W[]Z+T4N2\=_2LKI4

SD+M8






MI0N(Z%X5WYCI8H(?&M5#$_S&I+Y:1R\UU3R(^O^Y@W?N%O/

A2?C``Y#*@
M

?0F\2PQ[\%
;-Z_9]


M.!O.T



XA4






:E404:5DSF]4A%0/XN-E$%??X\JIRU[#

7]&=K;W]QQ^7?RSM8SQ9B/MEIJ0BB1?FJL



MGH.37P89Q+?!




*^A

M:B\WC4Y[5P2@Y@+7FXKG:RU-1)XNM*(I?







MD]M+P[
M(CMZS-[[=$^)92ER48I\E$Z=A-
WB0SZV&;%SO;ENQ=)
B7W3L
\5-%N)!PN

+]PV08O5I_?IY7.U0@AIVE9T
M87\D00?I7T:@T'B%).71E2C!=

J4(H*9)


G'K53XV

M!%


&$&H


T.

U3_

%G`]T#14`


H*+V2=#S@4:#$!^(!@74%





MWQG

M)6E\0\/PE=03L7!D\U


BF+ZZ

M[K^--Z57ZT*7S8YZ8=*(9ZA4V5S;302
3-NI@=ZT-N,!NI+'[*XQ`*K4][

2&+LZJ(L\7T5N+BY=Y^?+Y=CF^_BXK0L




MO#E4G`33VI4$X2X*@-KVT

MN#V[E`W8DT8W/B1?Z1N








MDX&ME


M7NP:U-?C'Y_Q+B1NB=[$LEW.UUJ6IH+)



MRFPR[TV7




M!WWHM





O-J4CTUTZN23





SM)!50]X=A#:70(G/:IY2:DEI+Q(%D=EH)?E/O;3KRB


MD4_%[$_?ST
1Y7HX1?GL).57]:1C#X7[(7#:HY8;D5I(QL-D=5@*WE@_=
I3
MU1PAOMZY77R*S

&D/?21A

M1#MZ];'3?ES@&\-*..54[;33






M_.O0-0B]?9RJWG!WC7[T]\WP[:;
J+:H+P:M3?L*BKSH1Q&DSD+1BJML*@@^
MT@93@\[).3:%!5S*UYU[IJB\NIIRE%=;PR!I$
KZK)X5#-5KZGKCHGV_;7**
MJ\X=@[Z[H+BK^X#5)ED8#%A1:*@X_&P=2#
U.036YAK_+UW_X9*R^Z.2C+

='#+'`V%9FG?WUS

M5XQBJ7?(()N(PZ!HJ_]0@I12-&1Q484CX:-T
.7/[&1D$UK


M[CQT/O%=(7G=








MM.]'=*R9=24WB!+&4LY])'G47\:A:.A;SCQOV%H
NY5'S470LQ1M+\4[E]9A
M

MC]$!6$ZV;MID#'N9AVU&T

MGM%DWZ9]/Z/ES:R?N864
)ER[@C(90
R?D8'8#DSN6F3



;..Y0I/PD#*&07_


Y275!5F780?W4

FPB_J9
0DZ*#O69


MYF':FSQB'Y).I$@#L;!_AJ


M*_JMR0GNVX2
'\K`L)WNM``;


X@6
]DS+PLN#-\W3C)<T9?FK/5@%8L<A'

OQ7F?(N2-F:Z2P
3QB;9$X&F]96O(^;4:#[IN\=.\UE4RP:

I-B3:1X]S'QECX[RFXX74V<AI0#R:*;UX7<T+5G(UFW:-^-:#@S
MZTBN`47LY+?F0


=O?DQ
M+UUMIL



M$K=H1_=NM@2^*(


M([&4H\FBF]?-W-U9R]9MVC?Q6@X,^M@K@%%[.2WID3(5'T9YW)+/L.UE@5
M0AY3

YH9[A9TJ45R'E1CV+H^9B:!/*=A.BO<D#7\['K&K

HM^0R/
M4J+L`7E

=BAWPT]OUYW\+1@8
`]VGF=BY:V/:NY
M=ZOVG4P&=V8=C0Y4Q'Y^:VZ!N^8@XW#T$!E.IT0Y!O*:CV''\P/[$70^-@S(


D




M?2RVS7FM.YGA43S2$G

K.Y!A2QD]^:#!3

W^[TV;B-19B2RX99'
'

MA\Q$

$+$KT\G/?FA8DEG0;%E6\7Z+

]_AL++N)-KXAFNI$0[_Y\W$,-NY$+

NL^OL*)
MV

A!-U'L292O/N('-_UG&P33S1




M

IU*BS?IY3
7T)-=CMB(YS56PL5C8*-FH



MNYD[')IU.%G`(G;U6S?Y?VLB


M.)U;\AG.ID1)`?*8BF$G\ZM#J7HHW%0M0R;R(-ZE2.;3(YX5%O(A:[?(=V
M[@AF'6V+89IW;M6^D\G@SG!

M.C]N/Y(1SQ8
J'@'-)UN`KK#87/CQC33*.5]


!89
M]W0/*

MK^/2$[=G5G=OUKZ[RF+/K*?2HHI8T6_-07#?)F3\4P9&AFLJ44:W#9DVO]



MSUZR;M&^B]%P9M;!7`.*V
EO33F0J?HRSN66?(9K*5&B@3RF8MBQ/&@K@FZE
M:&
IWJF



-*&(G
MOS4'0:;JRSB:6_(9/J9$N0?RF(IA]_*@K0AZEJ*-I7BGTF]







MJGT_E

MM=KKUZ)Z:SH;3
6VF^IHYLY4?4G38KI=S:W9=S!77!G.2WT!)F(/OS61@5;-
MA7)1?R&=X4!*E+;@6;


49.N_T#;26_H9#J5$.0IRV8OI
%S63


M$L_KB_3$[=G1W9NU[XNRV#/KB[2H(E;T6_



M_=09H-9U]CK%\^AZ#6J0

MKLG?FW_?MC\J7O+]
]#2__Y1W/[LZQ


A%OBKX2_O_N+Z\_WSH=@S<?$VYG7$$_.




M[U?Z*:PZV2@/Z$_&CS^4B


/=I;^@N8Y5+?




[
U=[C[W%


;.@VYFZ;NHK_YGQ^]T(N'


LL7Z



M][2D_%9X4E7%$IIW+H[9HG0I





-Q2J5X4]Y^JV)F:[*#;^HH
MHI=3KX(E-:6UM]VKMXA?7]W]F(ZZ3AD5ZPZO16E6%@MF52M8*H='N,#`X.YA
MKYRP2FG:DWJF^@X9OTGG]WTPA\EWQ*J_1L%J50&G3#S=0$!*U1[5
W)UJ
M@A=JYQJ1`WJ+EX,G`%K_LI;&U\*8+-HM1(@VY8C5)$&(#?PH5W^;E5*)I
M?1WUZ%UWR;.2]D2Z9@L2H%NL


.3B`<(6#YE:;IT/#T=;..-U_YI
M\9TB5:;S2(4)P/=I/HT<;C.Y\\7$BRV/ZKW4SX]XIF._7NX=`\^E2ORVH(]
M9Y

M5*/-S`&JL_-4-


TAG]KUWJG+NDT7
M<*PW7N+AE653H?NL%J%)=S@PJ%`G''+5H7=I5)M$%^KHO+I:H]^5S[-XK9S

=/8N%




OI
-+-C7L#_9]&.YD
U%:#A;/HV)'F+1-R<KRBG4N3`OEU]Y`;06#!<TM=FQ);ASM6*-V

C)[IIX+N$A
;B@!B/1;:`_N2U7A8MT*WAF&0=\IU
[XLMB

M^&:KR=.DOY9MO!Q?]]L%9IK-7Q,%_7XRA%T9/?Y/W);F_JA':_B!FI5D67



MPP&YJX*
:IL[K'!LS*WX4


M8VM3#?'@L
[!PT5[*PV^A)^Z)ONDAVH=H;6!:L@GA[0`0
0*E]*LO]_-8[_B



M-0*FK!]J:8PH025ASR0:Y)]9:55[8\S





M-]K
(Z]:H)BN8'.*YI+:3\41@;M$*?2`?X^NK%KH\Y_.\$.U'GJC-7Z@J13!

25(XE9?UV_8E3/.-:N]EU^*R7=[1

ZLXZB)S


P'KB3PV$T'L8)






\`LWOC7^V-E


MH_MA2V456@CNC\K-1_[EWVSRSZP#-[Z4K$IG
ZC23$I4=B?5`_?7/[C..:@W



K6-1-/I8%V(M7O1449G]NV!G

MB(H&
)%[H;







X9'3XF/15QBUYUR\U$



MSS


M

*,/7@!T2E

]CQ\G5N`5/W+B@RO7
MK[2WZV-?


M(#&R+)XUL_YST1S!SYT8T%C5%-QWA`[8A0I10*%MX]/@3DETG^&1$&V+4?


LD_([_H8A
*TCNG

M
YZZO%]L-KO\PP(R.J6[E.BZK)[FD,?#0M)@9ON1$MXOO8K$QK%(6#^0*/














MI!8Q*KJD+IR!SV$$Z?)T^71JNU-GQW'($?['[5!Z-M
TGT7H4Q:\06W:[CZN

@-*C)


M#L#PM
M^Y+;NDWP5H3.7$*:;&X0!U(@Z
MN#A=Y#H[7YII1'+5
R13[)\'JQ49Y+$)-

M-^S/UCX[T5


M?2&\JL/:NFC\$=V4;Y!%DPIR!]F`LAPIMPGAH=M07=



AOW1/F5/XV\K

K)4(\^B67W)1#:D-/R)`=44*D.JONG*U/K-

/N`@A2#``01!SU




_5L-:X8[

M)Q

BMXR958XK/$-JP?W2


3QE*QJ^=`5L0S%4WRY#)&)5CW
M?$K8%.^\=GFTXX8OPZLY7^,K?@AB`

`[%()9*%8+QI!'7!W6/T@F]&PE?
M%N/

M

5D;R:8DR9Q9

!B2

M6/P


Y%PM`BT]N#)
M5G?)^2AZ'H=AK0_^WMWY)8HNNF7

$9!I7)%#47TV=YO[
MX\S;ERP01







*$3\BP^JB#R#IM22'@C,&:\J.TNW3BO/.R
M\[DUJ@$I+`S*HSG1*%XJ3SP;+YVVL=E30=Y,ZHH.TH21(`XYP[)#
9+[)ZT
M34ZB/O



TB=?K16-YHH
F
M=


Y]ZP




/9I




ZS8RD6;-::1/'
QS$J8Q7#1^J?EHT#5VZ#:$0=TW8[*\M`)3Q6B
M++?*;?TN'NF-&QLZ/VZ6.G)$QVS1JG;#0X%JQBDLZ7/HI0VZM(Q#CA*'CI2

W\-DV
M#1N%3K4A?CK#4=NAYB$/OR%(Q*&7/3,Z7WK<8C&LUJ9%2Z;Y<)GU_2<%#NU
MQCQ`R@1XJB




2'KKR!2
!:<F.CI@ZOZ#AN^
MI+Z$5J0K':F-G;_Y`G07W._FM.[NS[7GE:=
-O*\`UO)A3B'J284O`+H:A/


'A;0-+VI3L:
M'G9Q%X]%*J*@9BI:5H(I$[+68HF)?`1$'B7/`&FC7C
8P/J36_=ZHTFT7T_]
M`S4[?=M2OV7'A+RO4


Z((.2DP%
M^JH\
*I.VT.U,]`HAB7_3

N81OB().X1T]V0/




M8/?


M'GH




JSPD30JF


_+U`^I
MNX@3=H?0ZORE
JNG8DJM)[SH_



MC%8T-^]2`








MC]



M/4X


NQV+=;\*!FYTZ6E25]-+()
M2H`G



O`D
9H3
M.3'J`/(),X'J@L]P6`W4=FF;ZP:F2LM\?Y<K%S^L]SUG/IB,C2RU/<&#G!_


NEM('I\


M[4XX^&'?7_M+





M%?%=08V/!#`TE-'UP9NL-O'#BD8__H$V4$QG=-2B6#


3[XV4=L[-D;#`


M'.BE87-*


+=O[L$;I[Z?=R[0X7F'Y7%R-)71)#]+PE+/

M

M;*TRJ&[V4XMB?8`U85%_ARAAQ0.5*U:M-WTM]+8^)Y1%*-M*
5^2QP@V\2F8
M[TPED



6E9


0TB$SZYY,'N$QI%WA%=
M5?/
KEQYVFS-78+]BK^TQU%BI&)M?I:DI9R!)!(KK6A#2CR=GFP#T;?;9*^=



6RO3JL/9LY\C2L2&])N4(0

G_[\DMK
M0T8@KLSV[R!F:'*^`

M
G?3X9(#ORO=^LRF;[[E1'KZ\BN`Q


1'EDH





F0=*$6+8Y(O1:F

M)9WII+UOZGTQF#Y4U

MY2EEVR$AS1:/*F*OYRT7:YN9`&XYD8[C^@H@$K\%K73H%.-[#YBPW2QHO4UG

GEW;[?N=P[CGU$ZN
MS5#;*S:DK?:NHS)]GWH8N





MJ9QM8CF_G#-:Q(SV5=(8A

7;/8
MLG.NK!:;QGIZD1I37R;00`Z7J0WEUY#B&PL1:)4`6#5LEI7'R[2_QS&H3S
3S&
MW8-MO][K-)E-BZ*_QY-TG<LL*)FETKX?$H!H-3KG!JSJ93![@ID9U&)6T/^
MN)[;C`RYY41ZO?$K@

L01^_B@L5#AH/X83SN6



MQWS6.R!][%K;38`8




M;??.M]^TN7TFDR'I'5-:'(D-4]$






&
=:*;:YDZ+F1

MPY^().5275&I1;N6VNELM^U*I]

%
?!6ZI97Z%/T$6Q
MVM\1L^GTXYCZ`L.DT5Y4;!KH#2?2%OH50
1$.X`T56=YF&C2U-=UN,!GYP

MET^A4S;W
M[E2GI'8S:8S+Y&-;=9A13AG

MYBY3AG8PWV+);F%F^FF(H(H%#



A\2Y3\I



IWV:]@WZ^!W/
MA%'#2&*

[]:
MMR+'#$;$!*FCG\L@TUQ&0X`V[1M0X66S'SLTM0M7
:'MI.K;5R^BJ9@Q5!





Y:KH8)
?%=T\XC
MO1
@
I.H97.


M[G!N+/!-C+-'92T#J)-^2AG.I`%I`Q






6R95XPI-7B-._+JB50_$P(:C#2U#


C6(%'NC
YP:D%-S'


^+0


MTDUMROK9O:ND%NUHS=6=/BH[4:P(7F'$+T@S:$8IOL$5U)!S)A#$2JM@?1;`
M4K$T?&DIG


M(W$-EJ2!5P.H`0%P[W[-02D&HY1^=N_CZF*'WO;9%Z)2]@W_!C1N1?822E

MBZ:;(Q=\K+HE$/$M0V:D?(4C:=)]JOY!Q
\U+FFNOAS2WAY.\]EQ-AUQY'0)



(WYY

`R@

*$(FHJ0GZ




R78B+5H9R^I*_\!OVB;RI_Y@^?QJS+











RF
M
(


ZLF.E`#.N*NL.'HG.

.:IY^'7IJWZ9ASV



M$[U


MFN7*X


MSH33PFV'X^$D

M2
J`Y-5AZG'1!ZOBCH+S`

M)7Q-G&/E9?LZ?X_?7I

MR&4`=1K`E
$YPB=M.IQ2!R)_3R$&`;33H

MHT*L*P

#50?^+9X+?%Q*DW


!(;(\H
LX


*_.DV*)IY3




M0YL]_=#EM_8H;+5M^M=


M!^Y8E?=AU=^T\3

3P^-'3YS(6X[
5)6Z#ST\





MK38.#_NM9S

M84%^I2]AFU6U]VP6`!$%I&I5DLN%MZ-VH;/QO/T@LC*6TZ$97D%(#
Y0*\



7'N.\&8K[2[
MNKOIJJ148:6/1[;3_LRBF+7
,OX%D-`P!O*^*K&L%4H`]
&OHSJ[(E51M$


M`41Z7%
8)5#?8)]+D87VSFXT=#(?+;?49

M0N7!V^[O5G@@.E7B7G7)`SF+TM8R(YU;Z09#)+G2;@5


M6$I8T'TP1&ROE.-K;WZ]-;E]R/S\6-\9*DL;8HXCLL

MQ&8M&Y3IFFG*9#P7\5@/6]O\5I]X+7^#7R7Q/G=;M_?8WPX&#[LOUW^QX?




M@O4.+CC`]JY^_#5].9JMYV0&^Z2UY.71W6)O)-*Z(+[M]/#T[!3=V5/+W2D?
MV.6#

MU\M1?;=+ULG
2%D5D\Q:4;9+'HK6


:D82
13!M10-UO!2M@:

M$@2FF$J=-86EGE*]F]G.@\84F#RTL

A+AY_'9.260A<R63.F#WI$:9U8




IW5']=W=?

MWW!8
H<*
MPV[AS*A:AD\KAQH:JZ8/+:F]Q_]LD\&_T^1M]O82OV6$*CDK=WE.23-)&C4C




S



TLXMP3D0-?2_U1!?FE-3^^T?NK,A]0K_5B-3P^;N=.V)D$]





TDW;




Q9$;T-TB2@N<-.0G'



5$W&];NQHI+HR,L4JPY89;=B2780W!5_3E-!KM?0V(%*8,.A,ER3I-/
M/$AM3F9#S]BT@!1C9O0@`T]0$PA!3?2I)%]-F,QHJJ@\$P1)-)S,]O,I;6)G
MIHQ$^0GP9$8%;J$$I9_0[)`BK^(9&,0U&G*:OJ2O

MD0Q?PG]?Z--?2?*OJB6;

M`F-^4;0$/F#A`O?NP'1[SA6#'*09)@%Y*+_*C9HA==#6AU[7-3
X




&
@##V%30D^!#XV%Q8Q(D
M:V^M:CR\'5204
F5[B[C%K0OFY\BU5!-K#:`^
`.W+F:!F=+96;
*&3MW^V_


M8O11A3.KU,P!00I$BBHLZZIC+L?:*#@[NE5NBEB2,,=0%#F]IFF/\Q#3E'

M3;M'KZ2ZE

MOG)8H(.[`[LV%WJW*B?$^D/.CH6N5U:I

QZD)W1WI;

/8J9XU,JEEALT6Z=K]$(Z
MWYTDS3

G'0/F-6J#







ME\K-D2&Q7P&)6KRB#;TC('5H`M(OA;CC\3FS
@^%I]Z17)$_

M2FI#'&ZMGQ1=FS*M:H(@:F

D%9D

M0'V%`P`*72+RYO);_W2\RWW3W:;34DGAYLW8?-#DTVR9&O1KT&2'_BD`C@5:


?%5D:C,=SO2

%9.;SZH=\H0

H2+


ROT82




M3G6:[:@$QU/B=LQG.GB(5/AP5]P9,/ZVGJ9Z:.YM\I)#_!`_%PV^:\UIW

JV


5/Q

M4);+[I0^F2]VD)

M[U$+EKB'




M6^8*D'Y)IOS&(7YW)\-QV*XP=YL2%W+E&QWV*)]O#&(1]T:9L^?6E#16G!






M4Q/#Z](L$A_;G?5'?O.A7QV6I/1/%E^FF@(=G&R+T(;.^B+%.PQ]=`+#\E0$



M?T2!@DERMI0``*\.#``4`!P`86QN+3(P
3
Q
C

M/WX!U_.G/\





4788`?#J_NNKU'V[E-INQX[$5WC=MT5_;1+F)9)9-A%KQVOX_\H
MP5


Z!F[[Z[HYWTEU71$`+RJ_^OEJJXY


Z*F$$OGC9&+;Z[D-YZNO`FKG_KS/S\6^#M,/N/4(\K*2=
M0A:+T\O'NS6UZ[C5\$%+7<^_@[!'O%T?SP?4=*.P`I#Z`/JP7#.Y]1NN]UY
MPW!G;88K(%[PXSU$_G_P9L


\X_

M'

M=WG[)2X)IY3







M?HJ4
*J
'X096'XZ2)Z^BDI']XP%]W/$MOVK0'\0V7HEVZ=ELT+/W9ORG_

SLC!TA
2I9.P




Z`2G_/%R\&)4N







#E=4`:_O[Q:Q-%7
GGNG?=Y3TBY[NGCF
ZL$EG[8._X

M^4!A_95.M5VRA.R?IP(MCH;C`77`F0MO]G;MK:$JPO71P7=\QJ
?S]V4H\M-



QIY1;A/'NDZX

/X4:7F




@S/%ROZR)`A4OE6V
MGB\4\PBIK=WW
#;/).]IV#Y
.$U8MR8S







F1.4_]^=4DASG2LJCG`IBGT
C
!`4EQU.L?)`
M:^L
1






M%^C%RZZEPN/SPN-R6;F31S6L?3XBZVY`H=\\Y.R&0;+CS(5W4-_QUW#%A&=/


)$/8'^0/R5OH%'I^]?P%-R-'/CRZ3G.2?Q^1`]IZ2=




;JL'

PB^WO*%
M%3&B\
E$$.CZNZUF!+-Z8]%*W*[/U;\?N\K:?4^7SZGC_B2RZR`_;_+5WGU@
M=MX2ZE!&1+9[X4!/M_+^0#*2I8JBB=$Y(@Q.U&H&%$%H1D2B0BR
6)9&40
'-X7_8+Q1JM09G\+.M

02VI<_UV)ZP+G18[;+(T*

I.P
3R7J*R=^].+PE0IG<%:4$E-&2_

O+[%7$UL3;I8F7IVV/K7UJ:U/;7UJZU-;GZ5@NQ369Q;SXJ-B4P9+
MY%&)*=6


V=D)^K
+
M[ZG4A':$VWN$Z]+VGK;WM+VG[3UM[VE[KQ1L%^&Z2[8-[OI-
2!N.DY\^Y?.



#@3+8F/

/E7+KKNPF1NG,QTSEM4'#I+^&DX
M^YT/E[A^B2F9I5'AIF26B]2FI#8EM2FI34EM2FI3LA1LE\*4S&%S/'HGAY5R
M[Z[,)D;I3,E,PI;0E/SN@:,=<W9^T1(J:T)-QX3KTY;C=IJU%:CMAJUU:BM
MQE*P70JK
8MY\;&$2@9+Y+&$2JH943H#
5F\$EJ&WV:^!PS9H._XP]6
JUE(



M:B.Q%&R7PDA



OM+\F(S'?2O=
RGB2^([%F9E:1D^U.
9D)
M`;A(&ZDPN5NS'/HS$X%\:$F[



ZTPS[=A]C#2MIK9+'P'?5?S+S%

MG-!_MV`#WSUP74N@H[2;.




^O$*$


Q]HMO75ZLD#FXS^
H;3C2]K+&00EY`X4\A3Q69TKN2\S'DU8J4N2






I

R+-\
PHRA2?-21


8NYIZ[C'OI3<\L
MHJ94H1:34/&Y;G;/?DG3:0T*-R<3+M`;3MJVU';CMIVU+:CMAU+P7:QR0]/
MK\N
3LD

M%^L$O4]/[N]\5`+GQP*^.T/P[LRZ/DJ^\V



@

*7OXKQJX?`8^)O(T6=UME^'
W=]



OW
89HQGOC^#[S#/_K'/4YTXZXFQ[DH]L?3]EBXZX6TO


^.O9;$#AA4+DTG-W2G^U7P/YSWWQG
MEGVU%3X-Q;C&O*'2TY&]:@F
%5H#Y[L'CG;
V?FEB[VDMBE\1)7A&O502@^E
M]%!*#Z7T4$H/I4K!=LF&4M7==K_SX(

M%(_*Y$82SX

7$/L]_


SGU;2SLPN


MX'V;:[8B2_`$IE&`2\0Z&A42K%*A
R


MYH2SM5MX1

MX
?B\SL5O6+7X+FXG[GWR



$;C4JW(B=
MUB!S9A
;5)[:9%6SYS:[51+9R3]M'+S+!-W1T!!KF6Z;&ZT3VF+.:%Q;RI
9



V91
M@1_0UXC^[]Y]L&-?V9APY[8SJL&1@A_M(^X-/?J:7T/B.8
UDGFJMLS9=&SD
M[L
OP19N'BRMD1M]L'-NA2EKXZTH35F

O1VF_
6UHS1WL8HM

*+7
F&QN1A_/68M7MH
CC



M@A\K%UI.G:X]KBVLP2&B^^(`][XI`^[[#F:1%5\)M2]A*S\_[6]):&8SGK


V[S67M5

;`I+
)KD:!BI4T'+^&V6
M3?1@'1<A3S)2'O80D&2F#TDY92YRF4DPLU^_0!-N39O3Q<TE07\+T*@%*@\
M#)!R4PAHGK*7%`RDV17K]WW_?G0/DRCP]SY^=AR]/Y



S





M#AN

$?-P*0519E:E*8M?*O^+YL%[2]/QMS5GSF/`FX0N8!Y[PM7H

]**+-;(H
P


&J
MI



M=QG$6D%!)FW#W$QH&T&]D_R\R89)SMO#CR\H:DF%*7N\OB(6@$QY$/98*_
M%L=.M

M''E)0U)



MKJ)+Y+`!RY&)EP`F+X

MI*HGJ9:[2(FJ?9VGK7S0G#-X




EP!52VVKF@Y0`N;@KL'
]&&RNS

MWO&A(J(\UH3AA3`CA'X/P_,:)4X-F//J
#$]^_6$.65D5E'C'GD&UT`5^@




M'O3/?&4ZRJ^C_#K*KZ/\.LJOH_RE8+N(*#]Z6P(K:;L.T3
/:R3YF]L*#EO/
M;8.!6W2





A
D

M^/MCV]:





M8W!*X48%WN%%^VQYPZ7*[#5:\/W;Z$H`@DD5Q`A!B(S6S`JX46%WN&S[9A









MKM/02\%VL6GHN!=GFIEE&N[`WEO('W-M!;$2?ES`8Z8Q$W#Q?$@QA]FH4(YT
M\B*R'DU4N=EH]2N;:HWLV&6(S82)46PEB1A3H!QIX45$O8SAWVT/N?7`45UT


M.#YTOGO@!

MOSI3O79]E#8\@0EJV!HH%^U=$FYM)*S#9FVXIXJJ38R(R5*H??M:#0IYWA

MMIBD8


M!BK\N6AMP#&
N9G8!B-^XMM0E*
$A4I24J.8S-#N;@WMR^+2FE=65\84):`S


A@%



M84144BN*DI6H5`Z$+4_0Z/[SYN@%7^!1XVTC0(Z+V^'L\YZSML@N#3JU145)

4HDD/V?GFB3;?4+Z\Q
MNIR:TWECR25I+P[/-%7O$[RBK(RKD0

MRAB\HJ2

0&=$R2BZHHR


MH^B*
C*F1`Z$+$\D:3^ZE1F\^*WS?ML:
68D9X1)6/PBG(RKD8.IQ/!&GQ

MSHBD471%J1E3(@=EB=R!#\/ECOOAI5P`_:1YPRQF=8;N097U%:8A3)@9CE
MB?@8J!R`M8%3J2NW*2PKQMQ
:H(1/;%-*
I0O#HYU


7
=3%S

M





MOPS3\2J78TE5CK8UY$6]N9R::!OIQHXECO;DYOEQG=LU^&\22UR[&$(2LM

M?AF28Y0MQS*'K!3@V=?.!?[PZRWS0JZO
MQ+D];MR.MO=EF!U3M!Q+(K(2_[KO=6]J.#7AMO&!.[7)37)C-Z;)+T-PG+KE

`6;@CY*
M/JQUCH.#;284@WY%H]S8CFWTRY`=KW))EGIDI00D_O'H^=O-N=L[3;@3G=0@
M-Y+'&OPR!(^K6I)E(YG%#=;GQ;Y7
1L78UZSN%





LB59HI.5!NJGPZT


D\G(:'E+T/^!.5+

MYD;YI+:_#/L3.T2)59!17




4O0W*
LB59JI?9[/!FI5O?^.%TU-UPYS:N
7[3_C\W]F48


V!V&6.D&Z'W7D0U)K[QJ3&G=6XQKA1






MYF$5)\FJO;F&6^VKZ;7J-\O#0C5OV(Q[R;AT8U\
KE+$PRJ.XXJZ+\Z[_1&N


V()*DB

MTD\S27F+-4*+LWI9/J:PP(PT-(O%3%A.ARU\

F2=)+



CH2J'G.#CY-]\J0N[;\)-


MT@4__$T#VAE5%NPC@M+P+@ZJ$N
P*I
C82N'C&&U:IC=P3GL+
F%%2CQ:!CV














3_E].P.:3MSJ`C^&OH`
V1*ZN&0%6





2+&UH+@JK&.WB
M:N-`.O&1D8E51Z/_[0`EF2'[HCIGQ;T4=$H*DM`58R)1B1P(*3YZ8GL7%ZYG
MT*U6:B=6LS?QH)3TBX`JQKJHRCB035#Y_\[
L_\5.



M5Y

O^U*\LA]
).?FU*%`!'D6`%&!05#5R5#9*EVM\N26M'8VE
MA:(_`V-+P:`DN`(\PL(IP:\FN2H5I0N737L-*;P\RR6-2A4_-D49`J$:\`

M*]UK:/8:\*9PP3X*^AQC`HCJ4`B3`*DJ.Z3[IH'?2Z7@90LMYFT+@:Y!`6

M8AFC

.QTHT+\XX'*YV?F@Z_K;FS#DL`)FU(8%YALD7
MIE

=8JA3C'4*88ZQ5G&):[6)3#-'+
@0OR\K
VW1V
P]O
#7[\.^V60WL
M1J]/3LN@@XL9IP7AQ/=RBH5:5$URI!YFE*X?S&N&VS]





$KK&.(2W




MMZ?FDCI\0

M&$A5&(95ER2+^66-N[7GJ_
M[&$U%G5RH4]*O



M


$:064<R8P,F#MH?_ETKQ4S*H+
M]E+/$28%IY`%P-4A6`857$@ET#O_FT)O3TR/$];]*
S\0*;FF
IN(6I1L)5


SUBJ$.I9
M01R()-#;CY[#];
]!WNFTTI[3FV


MJ(P#V01&`MSC?+1!DTRKO89-;:H1X`J'FB)PJE`KIB8.I!+H[;]_O56@[P[1




M9-3TK@455A&DEI'`@G







M1
#Y:9B@*KPJ


MG!^P/M]$:V[-*TI(/[A


MLN(X$$]@!
!%TO7]WO(0]


-_44?'0*E-ZG3





6#X8)C!]



M()2.3.&I)2&KPKLDY?%@H

M)($^?_#1`O]'W?F@NO6.U-E)#R*Y]8SGBJLBBN*![,$^OK;*&SF^F&OUD=1
MC6O`9+VH--RB3/BJL(XLN)X
$^@[Q]LN`P'+1-LK9PF3299D$F8%&68XYBJ
ML`VO
`Y

]_&=\_VIMM'7]MS3QWY\_6


M#WY;SF;[WZ&4OSMN&#RV(+E_^_


MM_



AIRO@9$S


'G[&SR]
K/%4

1[4^5
-IP/(S0<F/Y6P*N*PD(\(+MVF`]J33N\V6\:V:HWB9$IR\\F
M+)K\=

MD`H
_:-(\M

M01R()



$PR)2W^I_
M#KU*<SH]P0WNA2E9$_9L!2'KR0]L8J48P)C$7$7JZFW1]
/E@LTVZYN
.5E

0H49+)
ME$6D#8+195!=;


M]#I(7/F21R-
B$EL1$F*DE4JR23/(D)?X9]M_]39'@:=-KEZ(4-L)M2
8BO)

MGB1P)L2





M[;H/0VOD

453'^Q90FQZRV
M?$*BC69M/J[Y%]






5SPBHE%2+HBK&
MMIC2))FUE5/*\'Q=VA=[/D:%#E@1#H]*2[@(JFJ$BRI-DIE8.:4$/]U&B.)_
MEST




M:


]Z#ZY<,X`L!
M'#8@+Y',O`5*:B:UH!@[$Y7)@:#BHRQ#NP=%[(&?:!B'2JT-]WM6[$R!IZ4F
M5XU7A+5R(&4XB
QM2J\]RYU\


M\*



17R*S+UXC@I3ATH''1?ZX?[`C?%

6J4M[(:JJ\
M4

MYS!V?`SJXF*V

M^A22%6PXH](78'
7_%]





K2DV
(N5(
M=RHF[JV^
'0P!ZNF[_D5*V&)&]8M




68P
M$9^5)RF&KRA+
8J4(S6JF+B3T;XUA16Q+FAV[HKIXRYF=@&(W[BVU4HP2%


JY&#J0L3WBHOJB;4T7OB.@/;,U1ZS]\$E-,(G





(LR#8NIM'PI



7QW^'SA+JR7#V
ML/22M_SN+7;^%C5;N=QW\@P&%VI?8&2XT/7J


MFJA6.4+4!:0&OU;32J/5J%N':H
E3?'(+)@905:1C%'ER1'2+B`HBG:!318*




M9A=6E!PQV8SB+19@4QO\;\#\W\L-*BIE0!9E%TX2%4(AE67'#'4C!)6:]7%
MW+3AUVZ84I&3'K(HQW0JG`

M#E(5CF'5)4=\


M!H?7


+O

M.=B.;Y4:R
LW
4




MK_:


M9%A

)2!GMJCZ:C:1@9$A99JR:A%R49`585N)*5Q()S`
M*





@ET$
/-AA+HP['

F)1




[C\KVEZYZNYI\Y(Q*,5)58$3152197$@5`/?SP_V1?FX[FP1C:`]
#


Y
\6^*V*KK,0'PZB[DAZB[MNE
MU'9;\'B*Z!JWZZ[HIUWM$PBPRYZ[7@=%_+#,G[&QR)Z'
F;FI$GC4_#R@A


_

A_3



M:YDO^;$M?RWZXY7/X08H?01W?)VBF

M^

54/1-#4!E4`O.%@G$*6L^?Y



:GYR
!7SU.DA0I1XYU

7US:YB

'W_?%4%7RC)5R1H+L
=T7Z%B-WEAQ5GEZCH$IG&


M$W#*WLG;X

[*T5DY.BM'9^7HK!R=E5
*MHO-RB&_/O%VU=;8/)::
MG0;-^I%HG+


M&WF]E_`O






MZB&



MR1?-))S9M]WM-FP/!XL%'9-P2

M


C6M-$146@B^2X,MPZ95I5,F9QER<&4PV

M:K=T




*='%D^#%



MPIB@4G(PBJH8\V)*DZ
03CXA-YMI'VQ

5U\HGJ!ILE
MS#]`

*F7=^
M9T
NSO2:9N
V.=]FQ;



&=



@SN*.[`5HPW?7-







U8SBQ*&JR49T;57S7YS&?\RM-PESF='=NM4#7RMC.38C`\35I0C
M`M.R+@ZL&O$PJI
P_SA=SO;Y





TZ#
Q+M[5I
1O:


M:?7:JBV8D3$)G)J

0@
MJ\9!G/(X9&*7(

MLP01E





C7[2+C4$S.CN*K1+JXX

K^HM'I:[J]HRJ
M&N^B2N-09;H$T8U#HP'=1Q/H38=?-K?U.9E5BDG#IR4A$5\U.I(5R8&8)8A^

*%V.D4%C9E-




@N4D'IET2,XJI&O;CB.!O!)&1B0M^&]/1Q.U4D;@'

M2%`A!S*6(SJRN=5`])=P[#\9!MZ%88B$#
X@3H(!5XV
!!5R(&
)(B;#UJT


8
M
T=IO

YF^CH%7C8M$-7(@90FB*9=.
M=_^QY.C(JHW@XF;



M4(F&T?/$QHXS5VV
&H020%G5TJ9C3%PT=-W)]V)Q/I^?:RN2Q8J%A81*A0









MK)JTK\I#C-T0.!O%?#^``(RJ(U]-J=MMQI-JHEI59%Y5*SU*[4D'Q3JRER


M/@
2^5F/L$6@[=IJ<3Q'MNJCN%=W8$EIAV2K1'BW'FN\-EY*6OW-2D

MY
)2;4*?B




M\X--J7
\A?LJ3:!7N9TL2T/U:Q@)E/SD8Q$HFHEJ0VC,R
8/XKWY2DO'^*
M!BL`AHTT$5C`L

93
M\A&


@S&7`1S@2F=M

MA-)





M0Y4

+6FT!0G@_?`:)'R84



M[8JR_5&8]L5LD6

N#+B$33K?[JJVNX0.11Q5HXT3`CX;+[X#1(.%(0?P


.Z!@#PBL

FO?ET62#]U_1
M










MQ777+E*O+1*+%


MJJ^]S-R(


!^P-);:2;_A(BX[LW&5P%'J.:ZM:JXW0X?7SM_I
M:GNO3]I4XSL]2I\



M


MAZX9WMMGOVMN$


RQ'V80T\
MAY(94WLQG\S'CCX[A&7CI'Q8D])N6277+\$U%+.*L]$A3
N3]F%-;%9[)O
K
MVD][+9NYUO@0YDV2](]ML_PZS(=J;[5NY=9ZX[=5HA^/
FBOJPKML?T1YZ



FBOF01F63Q;EECJ2%!I5`V;M]&S161'CP
MG$S_Z8G3GCQG4=79VJ:U'+;?AGMWS&WV81OJ6#/&JOD1SCW;OO#5I/-+WU



#VG.MV:]^]9F+D
KL-TWJ*)`S7U;E2OJ

MDO`72IPP?KC?2UZN4#1)CBQ7Q
ZXNF/38)4Z1:W5@XS



;YOA/&4V2Q.1$;:)T



*/V)6D*_G\\&ME91'EM21B-LDI[FI%RG6RF/999N7B;*N$.R3C)B.9RH
M





MNYQ)K6HED^Y1XA-$OG[78V/X;;/UJ$&9]I+)!G'D)VB%$8THL._WX='+XEY7
MW$QFB*4_N=[0;=]56GTH'K(]#3:\93)#/(.3L\.DJPS@DCFVM%S0Z/0@DQWB



#8
/-?FF;XXT69$'77


MEN0:J'`\`G*4`DT$%6FPBJ@_(!YZD&4Y%LM`G-='K\/6?
(JDNA`A^8&EIZ/


1M68C6FW5Y)Q\?3O+-R%


@OWY).DA.[7;`8K`8XHB0M6Q8_0G;




DPK^:I8
?QM=J-RG/'U2J&F7\%Y(50BP9`YTZ_UI=+QWCH(R`
ML.0F@2?QT-
G35RQ-;M`.@;!A[D\4E0:M^\W+N2C)H``?E(E+=(K/C9XM
M5#SZKQ7!+Y\_X)(RA)9EV'A[G8K]M=OSKP\?M?@/AV-SM3JB1+)UTI9%T\?


MJA5.*D*B^+DTR]]B3:!KI?`ED'OK%$'R'/[
GG]$*'GF7XOF-7L)GW!Z*=S*



MXK@WJ\OUL
JLX$=6.D3IE)ZZO=G\C

MW[GN_*E]QBE$HI^9-O_G_]A*9&6GL`Q@5IN4IJ:QN`_N_=FD;FI@A\`JQE)

*O$U3FP8A4Y;]V*-`GS'U/&O=?DZ?_WY(W4-7_XXZ1NPG8
HMPD







V(2(^*LT`&PG7'=)VW$I_P66O\Z'(.\NU

H2
%FC\$4(B_$62NDH%II2JKY

P%



MTJ+KP.Y5L



M*SZ]U
Y3]O-O=
BCW]3EO'M(IZ7CIQM6=L]KRV[-KC@_1HZBF9EY4WH_U?
(
MS)*$IQFJ]!AV'MKYEOS2:GL$EF$M:26-2#2ZVMHAU4+BMO4]`M.E2*(!HSBV




=V(]!A$J2[+04FY)

M




N;6I-_6^TC\&Y'7`'!2*'QEH!N.VM0J[MGGE']%#[_


M]]BL



@T%7((),15Y75)W!


MRW!EJI?_6J3#L^

D%-)GTLYKVQ'ZO'B6J3#LY-BR^


M3%6?KX:Z9W[^I\`AKE[KER5!&D:&]+%7BXDA
)369VH4DLV01^;+&8


!.=)+N8Y&JB2@H[@++#
MV2_[G)13X$
#?TEY_RKM0.'?U

'TS0FU

4[H=SB_^XIWSTQI
M3T7XO\VS!29(U-;8:G@27

MLY-;\T79FUQLGSVJ9N)ZC&



&`.G3RTR)/P#9S_HT6-6P1R;



@`UP1$R$TVB26:$3\.WNJUG`SY-$'8$(2G9$HD%77@`=93XTFM161@:[%

MO/GI;^(!L9`5\HLM\6_/:@\\K/?47/G;0!C@-SZ

RP!=)&EL(

32?\FW=;-G@T-`:ZD*#ZR4!V%8$4B52+


_BX@








2O



T
MY2IUOHA;P3L0@:$R:O


`0X

MBGTD`+TJ6B6GO^3=XRVR!SR'G7V#K?2&P:/A'/O:.7ZA+0#.NIN(@'S/N8

-



O1.^FBCATJ$E!2O=!<@D$2?RCZ``FEF'NAS1
M1E$-UF<%!J[.#``&H6:J5]9RKCGQ;?P4R=BCLG'G;[SO9KBI




M.8RYN


M&X;E(66XG%

NP@B0CNU

M9*[EY\.H4^LSS]Y+GG%E:B?]
67N(:?6I$DCPTABMD5'GJ2
:_[Z(.C4VH05


M97%(J`7\CVN6\QCG
ROS1Y)@2OKGTMZ:X3;\T:3?QN+6O]1Q=\4Z-YUT=.;+
M-=_=*CB*#$T]8\Y5



M<R]J#P-T&X;KZLI92=Q$


*LTA!$WJ](Q7*;<)W1#^W?5J\A3

X4#A-;/&48!G4







M(36\\%MNBN&CR'#44V32
E85/R7NZAR@VCT1CEH3*I#:Y%$H.4=
X'Z@?6:5





2*M
=XM;[I[7

MVK1Z./@.XIM@8M(J)+]/=4F?LN\-TY++!

M]SCV!/T]&K?IIL39&9K(F)/Q[?_/)`.3\5$C4VMRM7?OGX.`DY:'CZL6UL
GH1DFJY=O%W7NN3G@CJ#4VU:@C`Q`Z/Q\$=\_Y-#





ME:EX?8NNY;L1]*!J5@4Z^IGYZR)_-97

M:HMUOW_56]K6LE]=9FY^PX=1`/3)2




M?CQ[++-10]*+XV(1E?@X`#I9V5NSFMTE4TZS$@2NT!`6BUU&Y'TJRS=*9T

4B:2T.+LT#/;`T;IQ
`1@`











HK/F4F7
M
B^7-J=+FC__5H=WRB^CMU][XX2+$-W%PH\PX2YH_(*3?AG-@RVBMQ]9%17T
MS:IR'29^P4F_C.968Z;



M\4A

M96
0$U&TWSO


1;BE
M&_RZ[B6O\+G9$81P4$1JF6%&@6A44'^NUW;71_TP-!3Q2.IY9N6\M`%M(]IP
M1


D8P1;7KT(C\C[P

)*FO




V`UZ:P83BH@.(NP``I#L-I;.#I
MEVXELSMC



K;!P_S_$YF/C$




D]._=




M*C1\-ZF&-M=6/?DES\P!EE%LQ[-P;7*KFFC359MJ\J?E!N*3U5(X(]ZB%MI4
M1W;P\!DZN3'T@=@K+C_[;?#^HCK:G!M/KRO;X)M:22!


M]Y4P#O]114*TNN`UG@KML8A-T/G$KC!62YXV(8(05
2]PWA6(F
&#VSA(6^R


MQ

MV

M


;<^`K%5@$\'.ZG9/Y;EUY/2^6LHT!D=@P0JUNG;`MQQ=

3
Q
M
C

C`Q
S$R
S%?



<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

					<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

					<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

							<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

				<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

							<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

		<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

		<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

		<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

							<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

							<p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovqwxgVyKkggZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerodPsMFiveLFvRNfSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerobsHsSevenkfFskTwoQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZerovhxrwycRGyFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovFourEightwsKkThreevhwT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOneJTwokzmwfmrbFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroLpkWGvvspsdb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFourKgcmkSFourKbLb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroNZeroThreetRbTDxDDh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowfKhFiveNNpgFiveMZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSmRtvOneTFourFourXcp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroWzZSevenflZhSevenyFB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroLnKdThreemSevenfWFlH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToParentDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=center style=font-family: times new roman
times

                  <table border=1 cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-color: black; border-left-width: 0px; border-top-width: 0px; border-bottom-width: 0px; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <table border=1 cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-color: black; border-left-width: 0px; border-top-width: 0px; border-bottom-width: 0px; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p align=right style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZmFnnTwoNineHMmOneNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerofPTNineOnepXsXwBH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerogXyvrSDlSJbT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroVFivelwXZSevenxqgBL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroyFgZkTZZXhgv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxDPOneFsdNinesEightVNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroEightQEightZqTsLqwnQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroKFiveThreesTcZeromSSevenFourb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroEightDZpBFXKslHx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerocTWXcCFiveSevenLEightXs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroGCDnRHVRTyFiveq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTPdlmmtKSQff'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOneSixtznTwoTnXcTz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovCSixSfMSixbDklv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeronHHBmHJRpxq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroshSixwfSeventMwgBW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroKgGTwoVkTbNZwQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowFourWQmMTJSbOneT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqvGcMBWkwTFD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOnevLQyZeroRFiveFivexnP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroMtnvmHFiveDPqDNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerotHfVWXWMwTwozSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerocTTdgHPZNnTwow'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeroKTTFourSevenvhRlFb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerobBVTwoXdKbNinegnM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroXsSSevenVDEightDREightzThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

              <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourTRlQdpcThreezJsr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourvTtZeroRJPBkCDR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFouryWFourmNEightOneMThreehHOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourBwvGtqrbPrDW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourJnvTwoKssTTGZerof'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LandUseRightsNetTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TaxesPayablesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

                <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohmOnecZerocbnsSixOneL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFkgSixLvkxpTqf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSixREightqTwoGkKnSevenvR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeroJwmgZeroRpEightSixThreeT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOneOneTFiveWvDPZchJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroNTwocvJbbTtQlw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroWVxvrNOnentEightFNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTPWZnwpbcxFiveQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroRnOneTTOneFourhfMXK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSevenMcSTTNrHPSevenV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroXZeroNineySixTwoOneSgpZeroOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQSZFXLSevenThreeCJyl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSevenFourTPTXmGSXCL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTKzTnJFPSevencqZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfStockOptionExercisePricesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroPNXhxZeroCSyBEightG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfStockOptionExercisePricesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroVSixslSJdtxyZerok'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfStockOptionExercisePricesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZpRWhhEightySeventDg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfStockOptionExercisePricesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqOnepkTFiveOneSixVVSevenN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfStockOptionExercisePricesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxWSfLQJXzTZeroD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfStockOptionExercisePricesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerokkZPTwofEightrEightnnSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfStockOptionExercisePricesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroRmSixRSevenppHvNinemx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfStockOptionExercisePricesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolskgFourThreeJZdVTThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfStockOptionExercisePricesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerosnVZdwgbmOneThreev'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTwokWRsmFivetdThreeXn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSixwrSixOnefdPTZeroCQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroJXfFKSrThreeTOneFoury'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTwoXwPThreeFourksJxTwon'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerodLlXXMSixrkGFiveC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyReceivableZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerotCCRTMQxtLgl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourTwoybsrpphHkzFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourTqBbgTVJLPlP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourSevenKlTqMgtkTwoLZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourThreetGLxSevenMKtSdL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourpFThreepTggRThreewDOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourfzpZeromcCSixKTrM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourndzLyFiverFJTyb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourzpNMFourndwHFiveWq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourGpvycThreedcTwoNineqw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourZSixsPEightDLvQqdTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourEightvvnrmkxMNwX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourSixfpNBTGyRbDc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourgGKSXhnzhfbd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourTRWPPhLTZSeventh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourXHFivemmXcXdJLp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourhOnegMgThreelhldRJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourRdfcFivezKqSixFhR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourFwqxFourHkJMNinewFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourSixEightVPThreekznywzFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFoursGSSevenXtZcHJnP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourfBPFsfSCLXTThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourVZSevenLRfThreeThreeHFourNW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourTTPVVFourkwTxnt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourhCFourblTwoqQEightHcK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourFourJVppsJWwdwm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFournSZeroZerozOneCKEightNineRl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourTSevengxZeroLMMLCSevenW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourBTdTThreeEightRQfRZeroNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourqTMgmkOnevDFiveTwoTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourtcNTwoPXHqZeroXJJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourGHBMFkrtZVMk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourtEightcJOnezWvKrZerob'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFoursLZeronZerokgSixnnfN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourLGLXPrdLZerocTwoS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourTvzhThreeFvGNhlThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourBFourwThreegkTEightnXdF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourKNKMFiveJytnPpB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourmSMbssDHpGXD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourGbFourRgThreeThreexyEightpM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFinancialAssetsAndLiabilitiesAtFairValueZeroTwoOneZeroSixTwoFiveFiveFourSfBnNineGThreeRDTpB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LandUseRightsNetZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerotZzLqWHykTwosT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LandUseRightsNetZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTTwoyyHEightsyyOnecT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LandUseRightsNetZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOneSevenEightZeroFiveSTwoQVCwB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

      <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

      <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

      <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

      <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

      <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

      <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

      <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

      <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

      <li style=font-family: times new roman
times

times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; border-color: black; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerofkDJpNineSevenHTwoWMm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqGxLrmlnSevenDDSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerobFiveRgzZeroPEightgBnG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerotdTRZJFournrtOneThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroGRzFourBnFourkgHSevenW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTPFyNinegOnemwyFourFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroznKPrrbSdqZs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOnekkgJVJFourThreeZdb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeroOneNQxNineBRMRBt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTKyKqDlOneVGFourw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerodQwvgrcCTVMR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerodTwoTVBXZeroBnTmOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerotBkEightWlrxCsNinef'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_PerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_AdjustmentToStatutoryReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsAndOtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_PaymentsForThePurchaseOfLandUseRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_InterestReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxZHLSixNmzdxCv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolFcNSixBWFourkWqX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroKxqVMEighthwHFPOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroyNinelRZvNineRJffG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFivebbPyGphJFms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerorXFiveFiveSevenbTyFourcSP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerozSixThreeJVFivelMzVSixR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerozhGmWTZRccmSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxEightvqMKEightygJrB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerokThreeTJEightDTKTnSx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohCtREightzqvqvpEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowTcFourSWlGbwNineZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeronZeroEightNinexhJlSevenrMk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeronSixqBsVmZeroJdKn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFourThOneThreePZeroSixvhFiveK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerodmSixqQTyMJkJt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZTkcThreeNlbmZBH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZVvZerocrSevenqbVdTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZwEightPFourTwoZCzJDf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroNwwLqTwoEightptScZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroWpMzcSixDtCSixZr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroThreegkbTNmQHcKTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZsCfXEightPgSGMP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovOneFxSevenFiveThreetJQqR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroLzRNgRxFiveTxFF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroHctXWThreeLBzpqr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSevenxQNlTcGGBTwoTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeroRXrqdTwoNBzDd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroDyqHrPqHTwoSixEighth'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerozGSixDCfyzsRMC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohtJgFNZdOneSixKC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroHMZeroRvzqZTHhd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroWMwNineBNinerlgCZeroSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroEightRgnyPTOnedbWT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerofbOneVSyQyGnPW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroMQmhbDdTwoWkhG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeronBcRTBfStsTSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerofJQvsEightnhmdZf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerozHDFourZerofTBZeroLZK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxbhLkTQOneBcps'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqGGNineXdOneNinekRSevenk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOneWtQSRGNwOneBT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroMBNinefGFiveZZzSixTZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerobbqfFiveVJqRrQOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFourDMZerotZeroPOneNbZerom'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeromhTwoTwoqSixPNinesRxn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeronZwWqxCflNcX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerobJTwotfTwoGgtWSixT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroySTlmEightpmJhvK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroXlOneRZVXlLCEightq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroNTrBSixSevenHHNinekmc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroOnekwEightrgFourXSsny'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSJThreeLHfPlJCTS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQHZpJcgOnebFourkt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerotNMqmzEightWdSixcEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroThreeFourWHJWFNgxnTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeronHTwoWThreeLcJbFiveDFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroyHRhqcTTwohByk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroEightqlzPJZeroPSixTpOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroyLMpEightNineVcDVmSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroGsTZlEighttyZvHEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerobTQFnGKbdSbS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroQZeroHVTwolNSQNVT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerobZeroNzXWBmFourFourLQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroJsmTwoHTmOneqSixCNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroqOneRpXrSFourGEightxK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivablesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovJTlgZmzThreeFiveDy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroLmFJdFourNinehJEightZl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroDrbHVfNTwoXsxs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroydTczTTwoLGTZeroM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerosSwKQcvZerollyn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerodhCBJtTwoLTZKs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSgdCXwzHSJKp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSevenHdTwohlZeroZeroSevenmTd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeroTmRcCLtpyQT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSixrSevenxTknEightZMnZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFiveZNxNqsPsPSt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowSixDpKOneZeroCgZBw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZeroKBqrPSFourlThreeBv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerofHWFEightGSixThreeTFiveST'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerohcCGqLSevenvWQwZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerotTKLzSRltRPg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerofGflRFiveQGJdWNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroDRqCySevenlxkdwP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerotZeroThreeTXDGThreebSixtw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeropNineLhyBNJTfwd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerokxLKrWWcSnOney'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowNineTThreepOneBnNqlw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeronTwoSevenGmpSevenRTSmFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeromLTwoFiveKlkxbdgM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroyHZeroNineDSZeroNTQvb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroZerofWhcXGCSevenzLF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroNFourgQDJrbRnZeroB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerofKWnlSghOnenKFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroxdRRNSGSixkFwT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroFourfyVztMhJfHy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolTwoPvxGSFiveMOneNineSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovQZCsLTzxNinetn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroVkFNinerOnelmNineTwoTw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerozqtRmQThreeSevenxxTNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroRsOneBLylxFTFourSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTwqDpKrbfFourPH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroMSixkFiverftWbFourGNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSixhZerogqWbfLyDy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroNineLQrFTXpThreeZerobm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroPZJScbThreeSFivevwC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroBLStNinettqsEightSevenH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroSKdQDWDWCTrTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerosDhTwoBTwoFvEightRfL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeromRSixpwPBgSZXT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroWybThreevRgcSevenQRm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCtLGZZeroFourfFNinewc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCvDLZnkfOneLKp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroNxBMztTNGNinelOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroLSevengsNineNkQGzRZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroTLCKTwoNinenThreeNwWThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeropRZTFourwQpckXK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerozwnkNineEightKtGOnepW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroLxZNineQWGhmHnZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroLDZKslVLzLNinew'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerovxBTBkbNineRVWZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; border-color: black; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerognNZeroPTwoFourvnQNineTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeropFourkSevenFourRBMShNineb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroEightrSgxSkqXwDG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCCDFBPQdnNinetN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerolKDlbhVSevenkBNinen'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroCcrMZeroEightPsQOneSH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoOneZeroSixZerowTGmVmcWGhmf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoOneZeroSixZeroHLwZqbxXFdfZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p style=text-indent: -15pt; margin-left: 15pt; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

