

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-15-001971
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150415
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			American Lorain CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001117057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				870430320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34449
		FILM NUMBER:		15770847
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BEIHUAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		JUNAN COUNTY
		CITY:			SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			276600
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 539-7317959
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BEIHUAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		JUNAN COUNTY
		CITY:			SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			276600
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070806
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Lorain CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070801
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MILLENNIUM QUEST INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000622









   






 D.C. 20549



SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
December 31
 2014 

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 


AMERICAN LORAIN CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    

    
(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
      

    
    
Junan County
Shandong
 People&#146;s Republic of China
 276600

(Registrant&#146;s
telephone number
 including area code) 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
Name of each exchange on which registered
      

Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share

    

Act:

seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No [X] 

file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No [X] 




reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
issuer was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

[X]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No [ ]

electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).


No [X] 

pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167; 229.405) is not contained herein
 and
will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive
proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ] Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a
non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
&#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148;
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    

    
    

    
    

company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No [X] 

held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant&#146;s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter were 19
220
142 and $23
103
163
respectively.

916
714 shares of common stock outstanding as of
March 31
 2015. 

registrant's Proxy Statement related to its 2015 Annual Stockholders' Meeting to
be filed subsequently are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Except as expressly incorporated by reference
 the
registrant's Proxy Statement shall not be deemed to be part of the report. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 




PART
      I


    
    








ITEM
      1B. 










    
LEGAL
      PROCEEDINGS 








    
    




      5. 


      FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
      PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    

    
MANAGEMENT&#146;S DISCUSSION AND
    ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
    

    
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
    MARKET RISK 
    

    
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
      SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
    

    
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
      ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

&nbsp;
  

    
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
    GOVERNANCE
    

    
    
    

    
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
      AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
    

    
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
      RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
    

    
    
    

&nbsp;
  

    
EXHIBITS
      AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    

&#148; &#147;us&#148; and &#147;our&#148; refer to ALN
 and except
      where the context requires otherwise
 our wholly-owned and majority-owned
      direct and indirect operating subsidiaries. 

    

 a
      Nevada corporation (formerly known as Millennium Quest
 Inc.). 

    

 a limited liability
      company organized under the laws of France that is majority-owned by Junan
      Hongrun. 

    

      Inc.
 a Cayman Islands company that is wholly - owned by ALN. 

    

      Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. 

    

      Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. 

    

      Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. 

    

      Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. 

    

      Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. 

    

      Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. 

    

 the legal currency of
      China. 

    

 &#147;$&#148; and &#147;US$&#148; refer to the legal
      currency of the United States. 

    

      Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong and Macau). 

meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 including
 without limitation
 statements
regarding our expectations
 beliefs
 intentions or future strategies that are
signified by the words &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; or similar
language. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on
information available to us on the date hereof
 and we assume no obligation to
update any such forward-looking statements. Our business and financial
performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. Actual results
could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.
In evaluating our business
 you should carefully consider the information set
forth under the heading &#147;Risk Factors.&#148; Readers are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements.







in Shandong Province
 China. We develop
 manufacture and sell the following
types of food products: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    

    

 or
      RTC
 foods
 ready-to-eat
 or RTE
 foods and meals ready-to- eat
 or MRE);
      and 

    
    

majority-owned subsidiary in France. Our products are sold in Chinese domestic
markets as well as exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan
South Korea and Europe. We derive most of our revenues from sales in China
France
 Japan and South Korea. In 2015
 our primary strategy is to continue
building our brand recognition in China through consistent marketing efforts
towards supermarkets
 wholesalers
 and significant customers
 enhancing the
cooperation with other manufacturers and factories and enhancing the turnover
for our existing chestnut
 convenience and frozen food products. In addition
 we
are working to expand our marketing efforts in Asia
 Europe
 and the Middle
East. We currently have limited sales and marketing activity in the United
States
 although our long-term plan is to significantly expand our activities
there. We also plan to launch mass-consumed food product series whose market
is highly fragmented in China. 


4
 1986 and was formerly known as &#147;Millennium Quest
 Inc.&#148; Effective November
12
 2009
 ALN reincorporated in Nevada from Delaware. 

subsidiaries
 Luotian Lorain and Junan Hongrun
 directly. Junan Hongrun
 in
turn
 owns 100% and 51% of Dongguan Lorain and Athena respectively. In addition
together with Junan Hongrun
 ILH wholly owns Beijing Lorain
 Shandong Greenpia
and owns approximately 80% of Shandong Lorain (Shandong Economic Development
Investment Co. Ltd. owns approximately 20%). We sometimes refer to our six
Chinese operating subsidiaries and the Athena Group throughout this annual report on Form
10-K as the Lorain Group Companies. Below is an organizational chart of ALN
 ILH
and the Lorain Group Companies: 





Athena is a holding company which holds all of the
capital and the voting shares of Conserverie Minerve
 a company organized under
French law. Conserverie Minerve specializes in the processing and sale of
chestnut and prepared foods products in Europe. Conserverie Minerve operates its
businesses through the following
 direct and indirect
 wholly owned
subsidiaries: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    

 a company organized under French
      law; 

    

 a real estate company organized under
      French law; 

    

 a real estate company organized
      under French law; and 

    

 a company organized under Portuguese
      law. 




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    

 

    

 and 

    
    

 including 3 new products in
the chestnut and convenience segment. 

 chestnut products and convenience foods were our
main profit centers. Despite the fact that sales slowed down in the China
domestic market due to weaker market demand
 our revenue increased during 2014
which was mainly attributable to the increase of sales in the European market.
After acquisition of the Athena Group whom we believe to be one of the top
chestnut producers in Europe
 we may use the synergy
 such as branding
 customer
base and sales channels
 to further enhance our competitive advantage in the
future.


manufacturer in China. In addition
 we have been giving increasing emphasis in
recent years to building a stronger international sales network. As a result of
our acquisition of control in Athena in 2014
 we now have chestnut processing
and manufacturing capabilities in France which will enable us to achieve a
strategic position in the chestnut industry in Europe. 





China
 Japan and South Korea over the past 16 years. We produced 59 high
value-added processed chestnut products in 2014. In 2014 and 2013
 this segment
contributed 56.6% and 53.3% of our total revenues
 respectively. 

and aerated
open-bottom chestnuts
 which are chestnuts packaged with nitrogen. The majority
of our chestnut products are natural and do not contain chemical additives. 

 in contrast to many other tree nuts
 contains
small quantities of oil and is very high in complex carbohydrates. This makes
them useful for a wider food range than other common nuts. Chestnuts are
commonly steamed
 boiled
 sugar stir-fried
 roasted or added into dishes or
desserts as an ingredient. 

 followed
by South Korea and Japan. The total annual output of chestnut in China reaches
1.95 million metric tons
 which accounts for 84% of global output. In recent
years
 the chestnut production in South Korea and Japan has declined. This has
been attributed to the increasing labor costs and operational costs incurred in
growing chestnuts. Because of the declining domestic production
 South Korean
and Japanese customers have grown to rely more on imported chestnut products.
Our strategy is to take advantage of these trends. 

products. We differentiate our chestnut products based on production process
high quality raw materials inputs
 flavor
 size and method of packaging. For
instance
 some of our chestnut products that are sold in Japan are packaged in
plastic bags or tin cans
 each considered a different product. Similarly
 some
of our chestnut products are processed with hot water or cold water
 each
considered a different product. 

purchase and produce raw chestnuts during these months and store them in our
refrigerated storage facilities throughout the year. Once we obtain a purchase
order during the rest of the year
 we remove the chestnuts from storage
 process
them and ship them within one day of production. 




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    

 or RTC
 food products
 

    

 or RTE
 food products
 and 

    

 or MRE
 food products.
  

customers for safe
 wholesome and tasty foods that are easily prepared. 

Typically
 when preparing a RTC
 customers need only to heat the food in a
microwave or boil it for several minutes before eating. Our best-selling RTCs in
2014 were French fries. 

in 2014 were various bean products and pickle products. 

kits
 such as microwavable rice boxes. Our self-heating MREs are primarily for
military use where no cooking device or other means are needed other than water.
We also introduced microwavable MREs for civilian uses such as camping
traveling and other occasions where only simple preparation using a cooking
device such as a microwave oven is required. 

 the best
sellers of which were our pork with garlic sauce over rice and kungpao chicken
with rice in 2014. Many of our convenience products are natural and do not
contain chemical additives. 





 including 2
new products
 Chinese doughnuts and sweet potato balls. In 2014 and 2013
 this
segment contributed 27.1% and 28.9%
 respectively
 of our total revenues. 


 mostly frozen vegetables
and frozen fruits. We produced 62 frozen food products in 2014. Our best-selling
frozen foods in 2014 were mixed vegetables
 frozen asparagus and frozen
strawberries. 

production seasonality of chestnut products and to increase the utilization rate
of our production capacity. Through our sales network
 we are seeking to further
penetrate into domestic and overseas market for our frozen food segment as it
may not only raise our spare production capacity without additional heavy
capital investment
 but also boost our brand equity as we are selected to be
the provider for international fast food giants. The frozen foods accounted for
in our total revenue decreased from 17.8% in 2013 to 16.4% in 2014. Gross
margins in this segment are lower than the margins for chestnut products and
convenience foods. 



China
 three of which are located in Junan County
 Shandong Province
 one in
Luotian County
 Hubei Province
 one in Miyun County
 Beijing and one leased
facility in Dongguan
 Guangdong Province. In addition
 as a result of our
acquisition of control in Athena in 2014
 we now have chestnut and manufacturing
capabilities in France. 

commenced at each of the facilities and the size of the facilities. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    

      Facility Size 

    
    
    

    
    

865 

    
    

392 

    
    

000 

    
    

558 

    
    

250 

    
    

179 

    
    

142
  

 a company controlled by Junan Hongrun



lines. Except Chinese doughnuts production lines
 each production line is used
to produce between 10 and 50 products. We currently run four types of product
lines: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    

 which are used to freeze
      raw materials for year-round production and to produce frozen food; 

    

 which are used to produce canned
      products
 including chestnut products; 

    

 which are used for
      producing RTCs
 RTEs and MREs
 all of which have
      nitrogen&nbsp;preservation capacity; and 

    

 which are used to
      produce Chinese doughnut products. 

involves sorting and cleaning the raw chestnuts purchased during the chestnut
season. We then store the raw chestnuts in our refrigerated storage facilities
throughout the year. Once we obtain a purchase order
 we remove the chestnuts
from storage and process them by steaming
 decladding and deep-freezing the
chestnuts
 depending on the particular product. We then package and ship the
processed chestnuts within one day of production. 

involves various steps
 including soaking
 boiling
 coating
 drying
 deep
freezing
 packing
 sealing and sterilizing. 





lines
 the types of products produced and the production capacity at each
facility: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 





    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid







    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid

4 Chinese doughnut lines


    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid


 frozen foods
 beans
 bean paste




000 tons of
      production capacity and Chinese doughnut lines with 2000 tons production
      capacity 24
900 tons of cold and frozen storage 




    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid



    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid


 convenience frozen foods 


 Multi-purpose production lines with 20
000 tons of
      production capacity and 3
500 tons of cold and frozen storage 




    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid



    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid


 frozen foods 



000 tons of
      production capacity and 4
650 tons of cold and frozen storage 

    

    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid



    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid


 convenience foods
 frozen foods
    


000 tons of
      production capacity and 6
500 tons of cold and frozen storage 




    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid




000 tons of
      production capacity and 2
250 tons of cold and frozen storage 




    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid


 convenience foods 


000 tons of
      production capacity and 1
500 tons of cold and frozen storage 




    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid



    style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid


 convenience foods 



900 tons of
      production capacity and 11
920 tons of cold and frozen storage
  

 a company controlled by
Junan Hongrun

facilities to take advantage of efficiencies in the transportation of required
raw materials. For example
 Junan Hongrun and Shandong Lorain
 which manufacture
primarily chestnut and frozen products
 are located in Shandong Province
 which
is China&#146;s largest supplier of fresh products by volume. Shandong Province is
also a major chestnut producing region. 

meet the standards and requirements of our largest customers in Europe and
Japan
 with France and Japan being our two top overseas markets in value term.


various certifications for many of our products
 packages and processes
including ISO 9000 or ISO 9001 certification for certain of our chestnut and
frozen vegetable products
 BRC certification for certain of our frozen fruit and
vegetable products and HACCP certification for certain of our frozen vegetable
fruit and chestnut products and our bottom-open chestnuts. We believe that our
quality controls and standards of products distinguish us from other
manufacturers in both domestic and international markets. 

 we operate our production lines year
round. In the past
 when our production was focused almost exclusively on
chestnuts
 we experienced seasonal underutilization of our product lines.
However
 our current facilities have multiple-function designs allowing us to
use our production lines for our convenience and frozen products when we are not
producing chestnuts at full capacity. Consequently
 as we have increased our
processed and convenience food offerings over the last several years
 we have
generally been able to run our production lines at increasing efficiency. 





 most of our convenience foods were produced at our
Beijing Lorain plant. With the introduction of bean products in 2009
 we
expanded our facility in Junan Hongrun with the addition of three convenience
food production lines designed specifically for bean products with current
annual capacity of 13
500 metric tons. 

of production. We anticipate
 however
 that we may require additional facilities
and/or product lines as our business grows. We are exploring the possibility of
alliances with one or more OEM partners for the production
 in the short-term
of some of our convenience food products and frozen products should our
facilities be inadequate to meet increasing demand. We are also exploring the
possibility of leasing additional production lines to expand our production
capacity. We did not lease any production facility during 2014. We may decide to
lease additional facilities in 2015
 should circumstances require and subject to
acceptable costing. In the long-term
 we plan to increase our own production
capacity by acquiring or building new facilities
 subject to the availability of
adequate sources of funding. 


element of our business. Our raw materials and partially finished products need
to be preserved in frozen storages (-18&#186;C to -20&#186;C) or constant temperature
storages (-5&#186;C to 5&#186;C). Storage is particularly critical for our chestnut
products because chestnuts are a seasonal fruit. 

the type and capacity of our storage resources: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

100 

    
    
    

800 

    
    
    

000 

    
    
    

500 

    
    
    

850 

    
    
    

800 

    
    
    

500 

    
    
    

000 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

450 

    
    
    

500 

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

500 

    
    
    

220 

 a company controlled by
Junan Hongrun 

 we have also
expanded our storage capacity. All of the listed storage facilities are owned by
us. In 2009
 we expanded our storage capacity in Junan Hongrun by an additional
3
600 metric tons. In 2010
 we also expanded our storage facility in Dongguan by
1
000 metric tons and
 through our acquisition of Shandong Greenpia
 we have
added four additional storage units with an aggregate capacity of 1
500 metric
tons. We also added 13
500 metric tons of cold storage at the Junan Hongrun
facility during 2011. We did not add to our storage capacity during 2014. In
2015
 we may build or lease additional storage facilities from time to time
should circumstance require. 


supply ourselves with a small portion of chestnut
 fruit and vegetable products.
For the year ended December 31
 2014
 the supplies coming from
agricultural operations increased compared to that of 2013
 while it is still of
low proportion of the total. We believe that we will continue to develop more
agricultural facilities in the long-term. We anticipate that self-grown
agricultural products and agricultural products grown in cooperation with local
farmers will enable us to assure adequacy of supply
 promote quality and reduce
cost
 particularly for our high margin offerings. For example
 by growing Korean
cultivar chestnuts domestically
 we expect to significantly reduce our supply
costs for this premium product
 while ensuring superior quality. 





products are shown in the following table. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    

    
    
    


 Japanese

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

most vegetables and fruits
 chestnut trees have a 3-5 year growing phase before
they can be harvested. Our current chestnut planting base has been
self-supplying limited quantities of chestnuts to our production since 2007.


apricots
 pears and blackberries in 2009 in Beijing. We use these fruits in some
of our frozen fruit products. We plan to continue to expand our agricultural
operations over the next few years. Among other things
 we plan to increase our
self-production in China of Korean cultivar chestnuts. We expect to obtain
funding for this expansion through a combination of commercial and government
loans
 including loans under Chinese government programs to promote agricultural
industrialization. There is no assurance
 however
 that adequate funding for
these purposes will be available to us. 


 approximately 81% and 85% of our procured raw
materials
 respectively
 consisted of agricultural products
 including primarily
chestnuts and vegetables
 approximately 8% and 7%
 respectively
 consisted of
packaging materials and approximately 11% and 8% consisted of condiments such as
sugar
 salt and flour. 


agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 red meat
 fish
 eggs
rice and flour. Because of the diversity of available sources of these raw
materials
 we believe that our raw materials are currently in adequate supply
and will continue to be so in the future. 

domestic procurement (excluding self-supply)
 overseas markets
 and self-supply.
Domestic and overseas procurement accounted for 91.3% and 8.3%
 respectively
 of
our total raw material costs in 2014
 with self-supply accounted for less than
1%. We obtained substantially all of our agricultural raw materials from
domestic sources during 2014. 





 respectively
 we procured approximately
40
801 and 53
559 metric tons of chestnuts and approximately 55
321 and 49
909
metric tons of vegetables and other raw materials from a number of third party
suppliers
 domestic and overseas
 and produced approximately 637 and 255 metric
tons of chestnuts and other products from our own agricultural operations. 

typically rely on numerous domestic and international suppliers
 including some
with whom we have a long-term relationship. Our top 10 suppliers accounted for
17.6% and 23.7% of the total procurement in 2014 and 2013  in value
terms respectively. We purchase from suppliers and farmers pursuant to supply
contracts and underlying purchase orders. We have not entered into any long-term
contracts with any of our suppliers. 

companies
 agricultural associations and distributors. Some raw materials must
be imported at higher costs
 however. Occasionally
 we also work directly with
farmers. For instance
 we operate an initiative which involves a series of
cooperation and lease agreements between Shandong Lorain
 Beijing Lorain and
local farmers. This initiative involves approximately 1
000 acres of land which
is used primarily to produce Japanese and Korean style chestnuts
 sticky corn
and pumpkins for our operations. 


 we have built our facilities near
domestic sources of agricultural raw materials. For example
 Junan Hongrun and
Shandong Lorain are located in Shandong Province
 which is China&#146;s largest
supplier of fresh products by volume. Shandong Province is also a major chestnut
producing region. Local procurement reduces our costs
 especially transportation
costs. It also gives us first-hand harvest and market information
 which
provides us with an advantage in price negotiations with suppliers. 

discussed
 we have begun to develop our agricultural capabilities in order to
control costs
 particularly with respect to imported raw materials such as
Korean-style chestnuts. 

factors
 such as weather conditions and commodity market fluctuations
 which are
beyond our control. We obtain contemporaneous information on local harvests and
collect daily reported price information on harvests in other markets from which
we procure our products. We also attempt to predict harvest yields in advance
based on our information gathering. We use this harvest information to negotiate
best pricing with our suppliers. 

season
 our internal procurement function personnel may visit our sources of supply to
assure that the products we are purchasing comply with our standards. 


exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan
 South Korea and Europe.
In 2014 and 2013
 approximately 64.2% and 73.8%
 respectively of our sales were
made domestically in China and approximately 35.8% and 26.2% were to
international customers
 primarily France
 Japan
 South Korea and Portugal. Our
top ten customers contributed 12.2% and 12.9% of our total revenues in 2014 and
2013 respectively. 


 we sell our products through our own sales team and
through third-party distributors. We have 36 sales offices in 31 provinces in
China. In 2014 and 2013
 we sold approximately 80.9% and 74.6%
 respectively
 of
our products directly to our Chinese and overseas customers and approximately
19.1% and 25.4% through third-party distributors. We are planning to increase
the portion of sales to third party distributors in order to access new markets
in China and overseas in a cost efficient manner and to improve our cash
position. Such plans are subject to our ability to restructure the sales force
and manage the increased number of distributors without compromising our profit
margins. Generally
 our direct sales customers are required to pay us on 30 to
60 day credit terms. Third-party distributors
 however
 generally do not pay on
credit
 allowing us to obtain quicker payment terms and thereby decrease our
accounts receivables. 

including Beijing
 Shanghai
 Tianjin and Guangzhou. Our sales team sells our
products directly to supermarket chains
 mass merchandisers
 large wholesalers
and others in these markets. In second-tier and third-tier cities
 we currently
sell our products to third-party distributors
 such as food companies or trading
companies with established distribution channels in such regions
 rather than
through our own sales team
 in order to enable us to penetrate such markets more
quickly without spending significant capital. We also sell to small customers
through independent sales representatives. 





distributors provide that we are responsible for transportation costs and the
distributors are responsible for storage costs. Furthermore
 the distributors
have the right to return products that fail to satisfy specified quality
standards
 at our cost. The majority of such contracts require the distributors
to pay us in cash in full upon delivery
 and the remaining contracts provide for
short-term credit
 usually two to three weeks. In addition
 we typically offer
distributors performance-based incentives
 such as a cash bonus equal to 1% to
1.5% of total revenues generated by such distributor which exceed previously
established sales targets. 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    

 primarily Japan
 South Korea and
      Malaysia
 but also  Singapore
 Philippines
 and Australia;
  

    

 primarily France and Portugal
 but also
      Belgium
 the United Kingdom
 Italy
 Germany and Spain; 

    

 primarily Saudi Arabia and
      Israel; 

    

 including the United States and
      Canada 

 sales in Europe increased rapidly and its
revenue is close to that achieved in the Asia-Pacific Region. In 2014 and 2013
respectively
 approximately 50.1% and 72.0% of our international sales were in
the Asia-Pacific Region and approximately 48.8% and 25.3% were in Europe.

export and trading agents and companies in China
 as well as our own sales team
located in China and Europe. Our sales team sells directly to wholesalers
 food
processors and mass merchandisers. Many of our customers are well known in their
local food market. We have established long-term relationships with many
international customers
 especially in Japan and South Korea. Now that we have
acquired the Athena Group
 we may use its existing sales channels and further
penetrate to Europe market. We also attend trade shows in Europe and other
international markets in order to promote our products. 

building a stronger international sales network. Our acquisition in France marks
an important step for American Lorain along with our sustained marketing and
operating efforts in Japan as well as domestic China. France is in a central
position in Europe&#146;s food supply as well as logistics
 and this acquisition will
potentially enable American Lorain to achieve a strategic position in the  chestnut industry  in Europe
 yielding significant synergy together
with our China operations. We will provide strong support for raw material as
well as procurement of Asian food supplies in China
 and will also be able to
take full advantage of Athena&#146;s existing sales channels in Europe to supply not
only chestnuts but also other food products desired by the European market. 
We seek to expand
our customer base by: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    

      customers; 

    

      bases; 

    
    

    

      food exhibitions and trade conferences. 

advertising in the past
 and our advertising budget continues to be limited. In
2014 our marketing and branding efforts included supermarket advertising and
internet advertising. 

given the consumer nature for many of our products. For the near future
 our
marketing efforts will continue to focus primarily on the domestic Chinese and
European markets for our chestnut and convenience food products. 






 both globally and in China.
We do not have a significant market share in any of our business segments. 


uniqueness of our products
 quality
 price and brand recognition. We also
utilize our proprietary
 patented and patent-pending technology in the
production of our chestnut products to our competitive advantage. 

Our principal competitors in the chestnut product market are currently Hebei
Liyuan
 a Chinese company
 and Foodwell Corporation
 a South Korean company and
Concept Fruit
 a European company.


mostly upon quality and product variety. We attempt to use our modern food
processing technology
 such as nitrogen preservation
 to produce a wide variety
of high quality convenience foods. 

we do not face competitive pressure from any particular competitor or small
group of competitors. 


 competition is based
primarily upon quality
 ability to provide a reliable product supply and
customer relationships. 

are currently Weifang Langdong Food Co. Ltd.
 Yuyao Hongji Food Co. Ltd. and
Yantai Pengshun Food Co. Ltd.
 all of which are located in China. 


both domestically and internationally. 

China
 Japan and South Korea over the past 16 years. Our customers are willing
to pay a premium for some of our chestnut products because of our brand equity.
In addition
 we believe that we have a strong distribution channel for our
products in the markets in which we currently operate. 

greater selection and a more reliable supply than many of our competitors
 which
is especially important for our supermarket chain and large wholesaler
customers. We produced 59 chestnut products in 2014. We believe that we are the
sole provider of certain bottom-open chestnut and sweetheart chestnut products
in China. 

companies. We believe that we have a lower labor cost structure and a more
abundant labor supply than many of our international competitors. 

seek to locate our production facilities in close proximity to our main domestic
sources of raw material supply to reduce transportation costs and give us
first-hand knowledge of market factors affecting our cost of raw material
supply. Our agricultural self-supply program
 while modest at present
 is
expected to grow and to become a significant element of our cost containment
efforts. 

formulation and manufacturing processes to create high quality products.
Nitrogen preservation in particular
 used in the production of convenience
foods
 is an innovative technology which has not been widely applied in China.


2014
 we were successfully granted 4 new patents. In addition
 as of December
31
 2014
 we possessed 16 patents for utility models and 15 patents for
appearance design. See &#147;Intellectual Property&#148; below.) We believe that our
technology gives us an advantage over our Chinese and international competitors
allowing us to produce chestnut and convenience food products that are superior
in quality and to offer more product varieties. 





competitiveness. We maintain high food safety standards
 in order to satisfy
both domestic and international requirements. We also regularly conduct tests
for quality of our products and compliance with standards. 





      products sold in China.


Office of the PRC during 2012
 including the preparation of aerated snack beans
and frozen bottom open chestnuts. One patent for preparation of
liquor preserved fish and soup was approved in 2013. In 2014
 our patent application
during 2012 for the preservation
 storage and processing procedures for
chestnuts was approved.

 we also possess
approximately 16 patents for utility models and 15 patents for appearance
design. 

and trade secrets
 such as limiting disclosure of proprietary plans
 methods and
other similar information on a need-to-know basis and requiring employees with access to our
proprietary technology to enter into confidentiality arrangements. We believe
that our proprietary technology and trade secrets are adequately protected. 


 2014
 we had a total of 2
720 employees.
2
471 of our full-time employees are directly employed by our subsidiary
companies and the remaining employees are employed by outsourcing agents that we
use to meet our staffing needs. As required by Chinese law
 all employees are
party to a written employment contract. We compensate the employees outsourced
from agents directly and pay agents a service fee. Agents are responsible for
the pension and social insurance benefits of the leased employees
 as described
below. 

both direct and leased
 by job function. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    

Department
    


  
    
    

    

104 

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    

720 

employees is good. We have not experienced any significant problems or
disruption to our operations due to labor disputes
 nor have we experienced any
difficulties in recruitment and retention of experienced staff. 





department for the purpose of advancing employee welfare
 encouraging employee
participation in decision making and enhancing relations among employees and
between employees and our management team. 

(piece work) and compensate other employees with a base salary and bonus based
on performance. We also provide training for our staff from time to time to
enhance their technical and product knowledge
 including knowledge of industry
quality standards. 

types of social insurance organized by municipal and provincial governments. We
were required to contribute to the scheme and social insurance on behalf of our
direct employees at a rate of 75% of the total contribution amount for the years
ended December 31
 2014 and 2013. As indicated above
 outsourcing agents are
responsible for contributions on behalf of the leased employees. 


objectives: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    

    
    

    

      products. 

facilities. In total
 46 employees are dedicated to research and development.


modification and development of our products. We also utilize customer feedback
to assist us in the development of new products. In 2014
 we added 3 new
products in our chestnuts and convenience foods segment. 

during the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was not a material portion of
our total expenses for those years. 


 we are
subject to regulations of China&#146;s Agricultural Ministry and Ministry of Health.
This regulatory scheme governs the manufacture (including composition and
ingredients)
 labeling
 packaging and safety of food. It also regulates
manufacturing practices
 including quality assurance programs
 for foods through
its current manufacturing practice regulations
 and specifies the standards of
identity for certain foods
 including the products sold by us
 and prescribes
the format and content of many of the products sold by us
 the format and
content of certain nutritional information required to appear on food products
labels and approves and regulates claims of health benefits of food products.


production of certain categories of products that we produce
 including chestnuts
 frozen
vegetables and fruits
 fish
 and canned products. Production of new products
that do not fall into approved categories of products would require separate
approval from the appropriate Chinese authorities. We have consistently obtained
such approvals for our newly developed products in the past and do not
anticipate any difficulties in obtaining new approvals in the future if needed.


 we are required to obtain governmental approval
and to register with the State Administration for Industry and Commerce
 in
order to open a new facility in China. We have consistently obtained such
approvals
 and made such registrations
 for our new facilities in the past and
do not anticipate any difficulties in filing new registrations and obtaining new
approvals in the future if needed. 

unless an exporter&#146;s products are exempted from inspection
 products must be
inspected in accordance with the Law of the PRC on Import and Export Commodity
Inspection. We have not been exempted from inspection. In the past
 we were
authorized by the relevant authorities to conduct self-inspection of certain of
our export products. However
 currently
 the relevant authorities have imposed
tighter food safety control in China
 and as a result
 all of our exported food
products must be inspected by relevant government agencies. We believe that all
of our exported products are currently in compliance with such requirements and
we do not anticipate any difficulties in complying with such rules in the
future. 





 we are required to obtain a license from the local
branch of the Entry-Exit Inspection and Quarantine Bureau of China for our
exported products. We have consistently obtained such licenses in the past and
we do not anticipate any difficulties in obtaining such licenses in the future.




We may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of high
quality raw materials. 

agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 fruits
 red meat
 fish
eggs
 rice
 flour and packaging products. During 2014
 the cost of our raw
materials increased from $141
159
775 to $146
601
039 for an increase of
approximately 3.9%. We may have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw
materials and expand our own agricultural operations in the future to meet
growing production demands. Despite our efforts to control our supply of raw
materials and maintain good relationships with our suppliers
 we could lose one
or more of our suppliers at any time. The loss of several suppliers may be
difficult to replace and could increase our reliance on higher cost or lower
quality suppliers
 which could negatively affect our profitability. In addition
if we have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw materials in the
future to meet growing production demands
 we may not be able to locate new
suppliers who could provide us with sufficient materials to meet our needs. Any
interruptions to
 or decline in
 the amount or quality of our raw materials
supply could materially disrupt our production and adversely affect our business
and financial condition and financial prospects.
The prices that we have paid for our raw materials
recently have experienced significant fluctuation. If these price fluctuations
continue
 our profit margins may be materially adversely affected. 

and 2013 was approximately $1
536 per metric ton and $1
507 per metric ton
respectively
 excluding value added taxes. We do not currently hedge against
changes in our raw material prices. Consequently
 if the costs of our raw
materials increase further
 and we are unable to offset these increases by
raising the prices of our products
 our profit margins and financial condition
could be adversely affected. 
Price inflation in China could affect our results of
operation if we are unable to pass along raw material price increases to our
customers. 

years. Because we purchase raw materials from suppliers in China
 price
inflation directly causes an increase in the cost of our raw materials. Price
inflation could affect our results of operation if we are unable to pass along
raw material price increases to customers. In addition
 if inflationary trends
continue in China
 China could lose its competitive advantage as a low-cost
manufacturing venue
 which could in turn lessen some of the competitive
advantages of our being based in China. Accordingly
 inflation in China may
weaken our competitiveness domestically or in international markets. 
Our sales and reputation may be affected by product
liability claims
 litigation or
 product recalls in relation to our products.


risk of injury to consumers. We face risks associated with product liability
claims
 litigation
 or product recalls
 if our products cause injury or become
adulterated or misbranded. Our products are subject to product tampering and
contamination
 such as mold
 bacteria
 insects
 shell fragments and off-flavor
contamination
 during any of the procurement
 production
 transportation and
storage processes. If any of our products were to be tampered with
 or become
tainted in any of these respects
 and we were unable to detect this
 our
products could be subject to product liability claims or product recalls. Our
ability to sell products could be reduced if certain pesticides
 herbicides or
other chemicals used by growers have left harmful residues on portions of our
raw materials or if our raw materials have been contaminated by other agents.


experienced product liability claims that were made by our customers. The
amounts of such claims were immaterial. However
 claims of product defect or
product liability for material amounts
 individually or in the aggregate
 may be
made in the future. 





insurance policy for our business
 as the insurance industry in China is still
in an early stage of development. To the extent that we suffer a loss of a type
which would normally be covered by product liability or general liability
insurance in the United States
 we would incur significant expenses in defending
any action against us and in paying any claims that result from a settlement or
judgment against us. Product liability claims and product recalls could have a
material adverse effect on the demand for our products and on our business
goodwill and reputation. Adverse publicity could result in a loss of consumer
confidence in our products. 
We may be unable to manage future rapid growth.


increased from $27
735
833 in 2004 to $217
553
660 in 2014. The number of
product types we sold increased from approximately 100 in 2004 to approximately
237 in 2014. We intend to continue to expand the volume and variety of products
we offer
 as well as the geographical scope of our sales and production
facilities. Our business growth could place a significant strain on our
managerial
 operational and financial resources. Our ability to manage future
growth will depend on our ability to continue to implement and improve
operational
 financial and management information systems on a timely basis and
to expand
 train
 motivate and manage our workforce. Our personnel
 systems
procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future growth.
Failure to effectively manage our expansion may lead to increased costs
 a
decline in sales and reduced profitability. 
Our expansion strategy may not prove successful and could
adversely affect our existing business. 

operations
 including new production lines and agricultural operations. We plan
to expand our sales in China and internationally. We will need to engage in
various forms of promotional and marketing activities in order to further
develop the branding of our products and to increase our market share in new and
existing markets. The implementation of this strategy may involve large
transactions and present financial
 managerial and operational challenges. We
could also experience financial or other setbacks if any of our growth
strategies incur problems of which we are not presently aware. If we fail to
generate sufficient sales in new markets or increase our sales in existing
markets
 we may not be able to recover the production
 distribution
 promotional
and marketing expenses
 as well as administrative costs we have incurred in
developing such markets. 
Our results of operations could be affected by natural
events in the locations in which our customers operate. 

subject to natural disasters
 such as severe weather and geological events
which could disrupt the operations of those customers and suppliers as well as
our operations. If our customers suffer from these events
 their operations may
be negatively impacted. As a result
 some or all of those customers may reduce
their orders for our products
 which could adversely affect our revenue and
results of operations. 
The acquisition of other businesses could pose risks to
our profitability. 

proposed acquisition could result in accounting charges
 potentially dilutive
issuances of equity securities
 and increased debt and contingent liabilities
any of which could have a material adverse effect on our existing business and
the market price of our common stock. Acquisitions
 in general
 entail many
risks
 including risks relating to the failed integration of the acquired
operations
 diversion of management&#146;s attention
 and the potential loss of key
employees of the acquired organizations. We may be unable to successfully
integrate businesses or the personnel of any business that might be acquired in
the future
 and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our
business and on the market price of our common stock. 
We are subject to risks of doing business
internationally. If the international market does not grow as we expect
 our
business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Our export sales destinations include countries in Asia
 Europe
 the Middle East
and North America. Our international operations are subject to a number of
inherent risks
 including: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    

      internationally
 especially in Western countries; 

    

      including disruptions in trading markets; 

    

      including restrictions on transfers of funds and trade; 

    

 including export duties
      and quotas and customs tariffs; 

    

  





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    

 tsunamis
 floods or other major
      disasters may limit the imported food products; and 

    

  

effect on our operating results. 
A significant amount of our revenues is dependent on a
limited number of customers and the loss of any one of our major customers could
materially and adversely affect our growth and our revenues. 

derived from a limited number of customers
 particularly in our chestnut
products segment. Sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately
12.2% and 12.9% of our total revenues in 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The loss
of any one of these customers
 or a material decrease in purchases by any one of
these customers
 could adversely impact our revenues. 
We rely primarily on distributors to sell our products.
Any delays in delivery or poor handling by our distributors or third-party
transport operators may affect our sales and damage our reputation. 

 we sold our products through over 200 distribution
service providers. The services provided could be suspended and could cause
interruption to the supply of our products to domestic or overseas customers.
Delivery disruptions may occur for various reasons beyond our control
 including
poor handling by service providers or third party transport operators
transportation bottlenecks
 natural disasters and labor strikes
 and could lead
to delayed
 damaged or lost deliveries. If our products are not delivered in a
timely manner
 our reputation could be harmed. If our products are damaged in
the process of being delivered
 we may be liable to pay for such damages
incurred. 
Failure of the market to accept our new products
 or
failure to obtain regulatory approval for our new products
 may cause us to lose
our competitive position in the food industry. 

 6 new products in 2013
and 3 new products in 2014. We plan to introduce approximately 10 new
products in 2015. The success of the new products we introduce depends on our
ability to anticipate the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer
products that appeal to their preferences. We intend to introduce new products
as well as alternative flavors
 sizes and packaging for our existing products.
We may not be able to gain market acceptance for our new products. Consumer
preferences change
 and any new products that we introduce may fail to meet the
particular tastes or requirements of consumers
 or may be unable to replace
their existing preferences. Our failure to anticipate
 identify or react to
these particular tastes or changes could result in reduced demand for our
products
 which could in turn cause us to be unable to recover our development
production and marketing costs. 
We are dependent on certain key personnel and loss of
these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our research and
development
 operations and revenue. 

 our
chairman and chief executive officer. Mr. Chen
 together with other senior
management
 has been a key driver of our strategy and has been fundamental to
our achievements to date. The successful management of our business is
 to a
considerable extent
 dependent on the services of Mr. Chen and other senior
management. We compete for qualified personnel with other food processing
companies
 food retailers and research institutions. Consequently
 we may either
lose key employees to our competitors or we may need to significantly increase
the compensation of such employees in order to retain them. The loss of the
services of any key management employee or failure to recruit a suitable or
comparable replacement could have a significant impact upon our ability to
manage our business effectively
 and our business and future growth may be
adversely affected. 
We face increasing competition from domestic and foreign
companies. 

compete against other national and international enterprises is
 to a
significant extent
 dependent on our ability to distinguish our products from
those of our competitors by providing large volumes of high quality products
that appeal to consumers&#146; tastes and preferences at reasonable prices. Some of
our competitors have been in business longer than we have and are more
established. Our competitors may provide products comparable or superior to
those we provide or adapt more quickly than we do to evolving industry trends or
changing market requirements. Increased competition may result in price
reductions
 higher raw materials prices
 reduced margins and loss of market
share
 any of which could materially adversely affect our profit margins. 




An increase in the cost of energy could affect our
profitability.

 we have experienced significant increases in energy
costs
 and energy costs could continue to rise
 which would result in higher
distribution
 freight and other operating costs. Our future operating expenses
and margins will be dependent on our ability to manage the impact of cost
increases. 
Our products are subject to counterfeiting or imitation
which could impact our reputation. 

 we have experienced limited counterfeiting and
imitation of our products. However
 counterfeiting or imitation of our products
may occur in the future and we may not be able to detect it and deal with it
effectively. Any occurrence of counterfeiting or imitation could impact
negatively upon our reputation
 particularly if the counterfeit or imitation
products cause sickness
 or injury to consumers. In addition
 counterfeit or
imitation products could result in our need to incur costs with respect to the
detection or prosecution of such activities. 

We are subject to extensive regulations by the Chinese
government. 

Chinese government agencies. Among other things
 these regulations govern the
manufacturing
 importation
 processing
 packaging
 storage
 exportation
distribution and labeling of our products. New or amended statutes and
regulations
 increased production at our existing facilities
 and our expansion
into new operations and jurisdictions may require us to obtain new licenses and
permits and could require us to change our methods of operations at costs that
could be substantial. 
Our failure to comply with PRC environmental laws may
require us to incur significant costs. 

environmental protection laws and regulations. These laws and regulations
require enterprises engaged in manufacturing and construction that may cause
environmental waste to adopt effective measures to control such waste. In
addition
 such enterprises are required to pay fines
 or to cease operations
entirely under extreme circumstances
 should they discharge waste substances.
The Chinese government may also change the existing laws or regulations or
impose additional or stricter laws or regulations
 compliance with which may
cause us to incur significant capital expenditures
 which we may be unable to
pass on to our customers through higher prices for our products. 
Our failure to comply with PRC hygiene laws may require
us to incur significant costs. 

compliance with PRC food hygiene laws and regulations. These food hygiene laws
require all enterprises engaged in the production of chestnuts and various
vegetables and fruits to obtain a hygiene license for each of their production
facilities. Such laws also require manufacturers to comply with regulations with
respect to food
 food additives
 packaging
 and food production sites
facilities and equipment. Failure to comply with PRC food hygiene laws may
result in fines
 suspension of operations
 loss of hygiene licenses and
 in more
extreme cases
 criminal proceedings against an enterprise and its management.
The Chinese government may also change the existing laws or regulations or
impose additional or stricter laws or regulations
 compliance with which may
cause us to incur significant capital expenditures
 which we may be unable to
pass on to our customers through higher prices for our products. 

Our operations are cash intensive
 and our business could
be adversely affected if we fail to maintain sufficient levels of working
capital. 

principally to procure raw materials for our products. Many of our suppliers
including chestnut
 vegetable and fruit farmers
 and suppliers of packaging
materials
 do not allow us to pay on credit. However
 some of the suppliers with
whom we have a long-standing business relationship allow us to pay on credit. We
fund the majority of our working capital requirements out of cash flow generated
from operations. If we fail to generate sufficient sales
 or if our suppliers
stop offering us credit terms
 we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our
operating costs and our business could be adversely affected. 





requirements from the proceeds of short-term loans from Chinese and overseas
banks. Our average loan balance from short-term bank loans in 2014 was
approximately $39.9 million. We expect to continue to do so in the future. Such
loans are generally secured by our fixed assets
 receivables and/or guarantees
by third parties. The term of almost all such loans is one year or less.
Historically
 we have rolled over such loans on an annual basis. However
 we may
not be able to roll over such loans in the future or may not have sufficient
funds available to pay all of our borrowings upon maturity. Failure to roll over
our short-term borrowings at maturity or to service our debt could result in the
imposition of penalties
 including increases in rates of interest
 legal actions
against us by our creditors
 or even insolvency. 

cash flows from operations and current and expected short-term bank loans will
be adequate to satisfy our liquidity requirements through 2015. However
 if
available liquidity is not sufficient to meet our operating and loan obligations
as they come due
 our plans include considering pursuing alternative financing
arrangements or further reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash
requirements. However
 there is no assurance that
 if required
 we will be able
to raise additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide the
required liquidity. Currently
 the capital markets for small capitalization
companies are difficult and banking institutions have become stringent in their
lending requirements. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure of the availability or
terms of any third party financing. 
We are subject to credit risk in respect of account
receivables. 

 some of our customers
 including some of our
large supermarket customers
 delayed their payments for up to 60 to 90 days
beyond their term. Our cash flow suffered while waiting for such payments.
Consequently
 at times we had to delay payments to our suppliers and to postpone
business expansion as a result of these delayed payments. Starting in 2008 and
through 2014
 we gradually shortened credit terms for many of our international
and domestic customers from between 30 and 180 days to between 30 and 60 days.
Our large customers may fail to meet these shortened credit terms
 in which case
we may not have sufficient cash flow to fund our operating costs and our
business could be adversely affected. 
We may enter into additional financing agreements which
may have a dilutive effect to our earnings per share and the rights of certain
stockholders. 

our earnings per share or the issuance of securities with rights superior to our
current outstanding securities. For instance
 we may grant registration rights
to investors purchasing our equity or debt securities in the future. 
We may be unable to raise additional capital.


 we
may be unable to implement our long-term business plan
 develop or enhance our
products and services
 take advantage of future opportunities or respond to
competitive pressures on a timely basis
 if at all. In addition
 a lack of
additional financing could force us to substantially curtail or cease
operations. 
We may be exposed to potential risks relating to our
internal control over financial reporting and our ability to have such controls
attested to by our independent auditors. 

 under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
adopted rules requiring public companies to provide in their annual reports on
Form 10-K a report by management with respect to the company&#146;s disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are
currently required to comply with this requirement. In addition
 such rules
require the independent registered public accounting firm auditing a company&#146;s
financial statements to attest to the operating effectiveness of such company&#146;s
internal controls. However
 because we are a smaller reporting company
 we are
not required to receive an attestation report from a registered public
accounting firm. We can provide no assurance that we will comply with all of the
requirements imposed thereby. Further
 we cannot assure that we will receive a
positive attestation from our independent auditors. Investors and others may
lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements in the event we
identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal
controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner or if we are unable to
receive a positive attestation from our independent auditors with respect to our
internal controls. 

Changes in China&#146;s political or economic situation could
harm us and our operating results. 





positive effect on the economic development of the country. However
 the Chinese
government could change these economic reforms at any time. Such changes could
negatively impact our operations and profitability. 
The structure of the Chinese economy may inhibit our
ability to expand our business. 

countries belonging to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development
 or OECD
 in several ways. For example
 state-owned enterprises
constitute a large portion of the Chinese economy. In addition
 weak corporate
governance practices and the lack of flexible currency exchange policies
continue to persist. As a result of these differences
 we may not develop in the
same way or at the same rate as might be expected if the Chinese economy were
similar to those of the OECD member countries. 
Our business is largely subject to the uncertain legal
environment in China. 

statutes. Unlike common law systems
 it is a system in which precedents set in
earlier legal cases are not generally used. Laws
 regulations and legal
requirements relating to foreign investments in China are still evolving
 and
their interpretation and enforcement involve uncertainties. These uncertainties
could limit the legal protections available to foreign investors
 such as the
right of foreign enterprises to hold required business licenses and permits.

It may be difficult for our stockholders to effect
service of process against our subsidiaries or our officers and directors.


China and substantially all of their assets are located outside the U.S. In
addition
 our executive officers and directors are residents of China and
substantially all of their assets are located outside the U.S. As a result
 it
could be difficult for our stockholders to effect service of process in the
U.S.
 or to enforce a judgment obtained in the U.S.
 against our officers and
directors in China. 
Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability
to receive and use our revenues effectively. 

dollars
 and any future restrictions on currency exchanges may limit our ability
to use revenue generated in Renminbi to fund any future business activities
outside China or to make dividends or other payments in U.S. dollars. Although
the Chinese government introduced regulations in 1996 to allow greater
convertibility of the Renminbi for current account transactions
 significant
restrictions still remain. For instance
 foreign enterprises may only buy
 sell
or remit foreign currencies after providing valid commercial documents at banks
in China authorized to conduct foreign exchange business. In addition
conversion of Renminbi for capital account items
 including direct investment
and loans
 is subject to governmental approval in China
 and companies are
required to open and maintain separate foreign exchange accounts for capital
account items. The Chinese regulatory authorities may impose more stringent
restrictions on the convertibility of the Renminbi in the future. 
Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating to the
establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may have
negative effects on our company. 

 the PRC State Administration of Foreign
Exchange
 or SAFE
 issued the Notice on Relevant Issues in the Foreign Exchange
Control over Financing and Return Investment Through Special Purpose Companies
by Residents Inside China
 generally referred to as Circular 75
 which required
PRC residents to register with the local SAFE branch before establishing or
acquiring control over an offshore special purpose vehicle
 or SPV
 for the
purpose of engaging in an equity financing outside of China on the strength of
domestic PRC assets originally held by those residents. Internal implementing
guidelines issued by SAFE
 which became public in June 2007 (known as Notice
106)
 further expanded the reach of Circular 75. 

controlled by Si Chen
 our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to
Circular 75 and Notice 106
 if a PRC resident has completed a round-trip
investment through its established SPV but has not yet completed the required
procedures of SAFE registration for offshore investment of the SPV
 he must
retroactively register the SPV with SAFE. 

 a
Japanese individual
 Hisashi Akazawa
 was designated as a nominee holder of ILH
when ILH was established. Mr. Akazawa granted an option to our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Chen
 allowing Mr. Chen to buy 90% of Mr. Akazawa&#146;s
interest in the Company at a fixed price at a future time in accordance with the
terms of an option agreement between the two parties. On December 22
 2008
 





 on that date
 Mr.
Chen acquired all of the remaining shares of our company held by Mr. Akazawa. As
a result
 Mr. Chen is the beneficiary of ILH and may be required to register
with and obtain approvals from SAFE or its agency with respect to the direct
offshore investment activities related to the acquisition of the Lorain Group
Companies. 

beneficial owner of ILH is determined by the PRC authorities to be a serious
violation of the requirements of the PRC Company Law and the PRC Regulation of
Registration of Companies
 the Lorain Group Companies may be ordered by the
company registration authority in the PRC to make corrections on its filed
registration
 to be fined an amount no less than RMB 5
000 and no more than RMB
50
000 or
 in the worse scenario
 to have its company registration certificate
revoked or its business licenses canceled. 

 2014
 the SAFE issued the Circular Relating to
Foreign Exchange Administration of Offshore Investment
 Financing and Roundtrip
Investment by Domestic Residents Through Special Purpose Vehicles
 or Circular
37. Circular 37 repeals and replaces the Notice Concerning Foreign Exchange
Controls on Domestic Residents&#146; Financing and Roundtrip Investment Through
Offshore Special Purpose Vehicles
 or Circular 75. Under Circular 37
 PRC
residents are required to register with the SAFE or its local branches prior to
establishing
 or acquiring control of
 an offshore company for the purpose of
investment or financing that offshore company with equity interests in
 or
assets of
 a PRC enterprise or with offshore equity interest or assets legally
held by such PRC resident. In addition
 PRC residents are required to amend
their registrations with the SAFE and its local branches to reflect any material
changes with respect to such PRC resident&#146;s investment in such offshore company
including changes to basic information of such PRC resident
 increase or
decrease in capital
 share transfer or share swap
 merger or division. In the
event that a PRC shareholder fails to make the required registration or update
the previously filed registration
 the PRC subsidiaries of that offshore special
purpose vehicle may be prohibited from distributing their profits and the
proceeds from any reduction in capital
 share transfer or liquidation to their
offshore parent company
 and the offshore parent company may also be prohibited
from contributing additional capital into its PRC subsidiaries. Furthermore
failure to comply with the various foreign exchange registration requirements
described above could result in liability under the PRC laws for evasion of
applicable foreign exchange restrictions.

We have requested our relevant shareholders who are subject to the SAFE
regulations to make the necessary registrations under the SAFE regulations.
However
 we may not be fully informed of the identities of the beneficial owners
of our company. We do not have control over our beneficial owners and cannot
assure you that all of our PRC resident beneficial owners will comply with SAFE
regulations. The failure of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents to
comply with these SAFE registrations may subject such beneficial owners or our
PRC subsidiaries to fines and legal sanctions. Furthermore
 since Circular 37
was recently promulgated and it is unclear how this regulation
 and any future
regulation concerning offshore or cross-border transactions
 will be
interpreted
 amended and implemented by the relevant PRC government authorities
we cannot predict how these regulations will affect our business operations or
future strategy. Failure to register or comply with relevant requirements may
also limit our ability to contribute additional capital to our PRC subsidiaries
and limit our PRC subsidiaries&#146; ability to distribute dividends to our company.
These risks may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial
condition and results of operations.

If the failure to identify
 characterize and register Mr. Chen as a beneficial
owner of ILH is determined by the PRC authorities to be a violation of the
requirements of registration and disclosure under new Circular 37
 the Lorain
Group Companies may be ordered by the authority in the PRC to make corrections
on its filed registration
 to be fined an amount up to RMB 50
000 for Mr. Chen
and up to RMB 300
000 for the Lorain Group Companies. 

Furthermore
 since Circular 37 was recently promulgated and it is unclear how
this regulation
 and any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border
transactions
 will be interpreted
 amended and implemented by the relevant PRC
government authorities
 we cannot predict how these regulations will affect our
business operations or future strategy. Failure to register or comply with
relevant requirements may also limit our ability to contribute additional
capital to our PRC subsidiaries and limit our PRC subsidiaries&#146; ability to
distribute dividends to our company. These risks may have a material adverse
effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
Our financial condition is affected by the foreign
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Renminbi. 

rates
 primarily the rate between the U.S. dollar and the Renminbi
 as well as
Euro and Renminbi. In the event that the Renminbi appreciates against the U.S.
dollar and Euro
 our costs will increase. 

Certain of our stockholders have the ability to delay or
prevent adoption of important business decisions based on their ownership of a
significant percentage of our outstanding voting securities. 

outstanding voting securities. As a result
 he possesses significant influence
over our business. For instance
 Mr. Chen may have significant power in the
election of our board of directors
authorize significant corporate transactions or prevent a future change in
control of our company. 
Certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation may
make it more difficult for a third party to effect a change-incontrol.


to issue up to 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval.
The preferred stock may be issued in one or more series
 the terms of which may
be determined at the time of issuance by the board of directors without further
action by the stockholders. These terms may contain voting rights
 including the
right to vote as a series on particular matters
 preferences as to dividends and
liquidation
 conversion rights and redemption rights provisions. The issuance of
any preferred stock could diminish the rights of holders of our common stock
and therefore could reduce the value of such common stock. In addition
 specific
rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict
our ability to merge with
 or sell assets to
 a third party. The ability of our
board of directors to issue preferred stock could make it more difficult to
acquire our company and could negatively affect the market price of our common
stock. 
The exercise of outstanding warrants issuable for shares
of our common stock may cause dilution to existing shareholders. 

aggregate of 1
753
909 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $3.70
subject to adjustments. These warrants expire in April 2015. If holders of these
warrants exercise the warrants in exchange for shares of our common stock
 such
issuances may have a dilutive effect on the stock ownership of existing
shareholders and may harm the market price of our stock. 
We do not expect to pay dividends in the future
 and any
return on your investment may be limited to the value of the shares you acquire.






our common stock as of April 16
 2007
 we have never declared or paid cash
dividends. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in
the foreseeable future and any return on your investment may be limited to the
value of the shares of our common stock that you acquire. We currently intend to
retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our
business. 




 which are owned except where otherwise
indicated
 are as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    




  


    
    
    
  


    


    
  


    




    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    




  


    
    
    
  


    


    
  


    




    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    




  


    
    
    
  


    


    
  


    




    

    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    
    
35
645
    



 a company controlled by
Junan Hongrun 

including refrigerated storage facilities
 and smaller offices
 including sales
offices
 located in China. 

 we currently have land use rights to
 or
lease
 79 properties with approximately 380
473 square meters
 consisting of
manufacturing facilities
 office buildings and land reserved for future
expansion. We believe our current facilities provide adequate capacity for our
current and projected needs. 

companies are permitted to acquire land use rights for specific purposes. In the
case of land used for industrial purposes
 the land use rights are granted for a
period of up to 50 years. This period may be renewed at the expiration of the
initial and any subsequent terms. Granted land use rights are transferable and
may be used as security for borrowings and other obligations. 


 we may have disputes that arise in the
ordinary course of our business. Currently
 there is a lawsuit currently pending
in Linyi City Intermediate People's Court of Shandong Province
 which was filed
by Shandong Lorain
 a subsidiary of the Company
 against Junan Hengji Real
Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (&quot;Junan Hengji&quot;) in November 2013. Subsequently
Shandong Lorain added Jiangsu Heng An Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. (&quot;Heng
An Investment&quot;) as a co-defendant.


 Shandong Lorain and Junan Hengji entered
into a cooperative development agreement (the &quot;Agreement&quot;)
 and in March 2011
Heng An Investment
 an affiliated company of Junan Hengji also entered into the
Agreement with Shandong Lorain to jointly develop the project with Junan Hengji.
Pursuant to the Agreement
 Junan Henji and Heng An Investment are required to
pay Shandong Lorain a total RMB 20 million (approximately $3
225
806) fixed
return according to the development status of the project developed by Junan
Hengji and Heng An Investment. The payment was due and unpaid to Shandong
Lorain. Shandong Lorain and the Company evaluated the potential claims against
Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment
 disputes between the parties with respect
to out of pocket expenses paid by Junan Hengji as well as the litigation fee
that is required to be paid to the court based upon the amount claimed.
Eventually
 Shandong Lorain decided to file the lawsuit with Linyi City
Intermediate People's Court to claim a fixed return of RMB 10 million
(approximately $1
612
903) first.


 the court had its first trial session. During
the trial
 Heng An Investment filed a counterclaim against Shandong Lorain for
repayment of out of pocket expenses which would off-set the entire fixed return
plus additional unpaid expense of RMB 4
746
927 (approximately $765
633).
Shandong Lorain responded that Heng An Investment does not have standing to file
the counter-claim because the out of pocket payments were made by Junan Hengji.
In November 2014
 the court had a second trial session and completed its
discovery process and the Company is waiting for the judgment of the court. 








ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 


&#147;ALN&#148;. As of March 27
 2014 the closing price for our common stock was $1.25 per
share. 

 for the periods indicated
 the
high and low sales prices of our common stock. These prices reflect inter-dealer
prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent
actual transactions. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    


    

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


Approximate Number of Holders of Our Common
Stock

 2015
 there were 288 stockholders of record of
our common stock. This does not include the holders whose shares are held in a
depository trust in &#147;street&#148; name. 


payment of a dividend in April 2007 in connection with our reverse merger. Any
future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors. We
currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and
expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future. 



Group Limited in March 2014. Under the terms of the Note
 interest on the
outstanding Principal Amount accrues at a rate of 4.5% per annum
 and all
accrued but unpaid interest is due and payable on June 30
 2014 and on the last
day of each quarter thereafter. If the Note is not converted pursuant to the
terms of the Note
 additional interest on the outstanding Principal Amount shall
accrue at a rate of 4.5% per annum and payable at the maturity of the Note.
Unless the Note is otherwise accelerated or converted
 the unpaid Principal
Amount of the Note
 together with all accrued but unpaid interest
 is due and
payable
 at the election of the Holder
 on September 13
 2014 or March 13
 2015
(&#147;Maturity Date&#148;)
 provided
 however
 if Holder fails to notify the Company in
writing by August 13
 2014 that it elects the maturity date of September 13
2014
 then the Maturity Date will be extended to March 13
 2015.

 under the terms of the Note
 at any time
commencing on or after September 13
 2014 and before March 13
 2015
 the Holder
at Holder&#146;s option and upon five (5) days prior written notice to the Company
may convert in whole or in part the outstanding Principal Amount into a number
of shares of Common Stock of the Company (&#147;Common Stock&#148;) on a per share
conversion price of $1.15 per share
 as may be adjusted from time to time
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Note (&#147;Conversion Price&#148;); provided
however
 the Company will not effect any conversion of the Note
 and the Holder
will not have the right to convert any portion of the Note
 to the extent (but
only to the extent) that the Holder would beneficially own in excess of the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below)
 which beneficial ownership
will be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended. The &#147;Beneficial Ownership Limitation&#148; is 9.99% of the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note.

 the
Company&#146;s chief executive officer and chairman.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans


herein by reference. 


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&#146;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 






in Shandong Province
 China. We develop
 manufacture and sell the following
types of food products: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    

 

    

 or
      RTC
 foods
 ready-to-eat
 or RTE
 foods and meals ready-to-&nbsp;eat
 or
      MRE); and 

    
    

sold in the Chinese domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries
and regions such as Japan
 South Korea and Europe. We believe that we are the
largest chestnut processor and manufacturer in China. We have developed brand
equity for our chestnut products in China
 Japan and South Korea over the past
16 years. We produced 59 high value-added chestnut products in 2014. We derive
most of our revenues from sales in China
 France and Japan. In 2015
 our primary
strategy is to continue building our brand recognition in China through
consistent marketing efforts towards supermarkets
 wholesalers
 and significant


factories
 and enhancing the turnover for our existing chestnut
 convenience and
frozen food products. In addition
 we are working to expand our marketing
efforts in Asia
 Europe and the Middle East. We currently have limited sales and
marketing activity in the United States
 although our long-term plan is to
significantly expand our activities there. We also plan to launch a
mass-consumed food product series whose market is highly fragmented in China. 
Production Factors that Affect our Financial and
Operational Condition 

agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 fruits
 red meat
 fish
eggs
 rice
 flour and packaging products. During 2014
 the cost of our raw materials
increased from $141
159
775 to $146
601
039 for an increase of approximately
39%. We may have to increase the
number of our suppliers of raw materials and expand our own agricultural
operations in the future to meet growing production demands. Despite our efforts
to control our supply of raw materials and maintain good relationships with our
suppliers
 we could lose one or more of our suppliers at any time. The loss of
several suppliers may be difficult to replace and could increase our reliance on
higher cost or lower quality suppliers
 which could negatively affect our
profitability. In addition
 if we have to increase the number of our suppliers
of raw materials in the future to meet growing production demands
 we may not be
able to locate new suppliers who could provide us with sufficient materials to
meet our needs. Any interruptions to
 or decline in
 the amount or quality of
our raw materials supply could materially disrupt our production and adversely
affect our business and financial condition and financial prospects. 

domestic market in 2014 and 2013 was approximately $1
536 metric ton and $1
507
per metric ton
 respectively
 excluding value added taxes. In the past few
years
 increasing inflation pressures weighed on the Chinese economy which
reflected on agricultural product prices. We do not have effective means and do
not currently hedge against changes in our raw material prices. Consequently
 if
the costs of our raw materials increase further and we are unable to offset
these increases by raising the prices of our products
 our profit margins and
financial condition could be adversely affected. 
Uncertainties that Affect our Financial Condition


principally to procure raw materials for our products. Many of our suppliers
including chestnut
 vegetable and fruit farmers
 and suppliers of packaging
materials
 require us to pay for their supplies in cash on the same day that
such supplies are delivered to us. However
 some of the suppliers with whom we
have a long-standing business relationship allow us to pay on credit. We fund
the majority of our working capital requirements out of cash flow generated from
operations. If we fail to generate sufficient sales
 or if our suppliers stop
offering us credit terms
 we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our
operating costs and our business could be adversely affected. 

capital requirements in 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 from the proceeds of
short-term loans from Chinese and foreign banks. We expect to continue to do so
in the future. Such loans are generally secured by our fixed assets
 receivables
and/or guarantees by third parties. Our average loan balance from short-term
bank loans in 2014 and 2013 were approximately $39.9 million and $32.8 million
respectively. The term of almost all such loans is one year or less.
Historically
 we have rolled over such loans on an annual basis. However
 in
recent years
 the Chinese government has implemented more stringent credit
policies to curb inflation and soaring property prices
 which could negatively
impact our ability to obtain or roll over these short term loans
 and hence not
having sufficient funds available to pay all of our borrowings upon maturity.
Failure to roll over our short-term borrowings at maturity or to service our
debt could result in the imposition of penalties
 including increases in rates
of interest
 legal actions against us by our creditors
 or even insolvency. We
secured a $15 million loan from Deutsche Investitions- und
Entwicklungsgesellshaft (&#147;DEG&#148;) in May 2010
 which we have fully drawn down in
2011.In addition
 we completed three private placement financings in 2012 and
2013 with net proceeds of $13.0 million
 $16.3 million and $16.3 million
respectively
 the proceeds of which were primarily used as working capital. In
2014
 we also issued $3.5 million convertible promissory note to an investor. We
can provide no assurances that we will be able to enter into any future
financing or refinancing agreements on terms favorable to us
 especially
considering the current instability of the capital markets. 





 including cash flows
from operations
 current and expected short-term bank loans and debentures will be adequate
to satisfy our liquidity requirements through 2015. However
 if available
liquidity is not sufficient to meet our operating and loan obligations as they
come due
 our plans include considering pursuing alternative financing
arrangements or further reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash
requirements. However
 there is no assurance that
 if required
 we will be able
to raise additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide the
required liquidity. Currently
 the capital markets for small capitalization
companies are difficult and banking institutions have become stringent in their
lending requirements. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure of the availability or
terms of any third party financing. 

 some of our customers
 including some of our
large supermarket customers
 delayed their payments for up to 60 to 90 days
beyond their term. Our cash flow suffered while waiting for such payments.
Consequently
 at times we had to delay payments to our suppliers and to postpone
business expansion as a result of these delayed payments. Starting in 2008 and
through 2013 we gradually shortened credit terms for many of our international
and domestic customers from between 30 and 180 days to between 30 and 60 days.
Our large customers may fail to meet these shortened credit terms
 in which case
we may not have sufficient cash flow to fund our operating costs and our
business could be adversely affected. 


operations for the periods indicated
 and the differences between the two
periods expressed in dollars and percentages. 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




















of
      U.S.


2014
      




2013
      




    




    



    




















    



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    




















    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


      &nbsp;


    




    




    




    



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    























    



    
      
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
      


    




    




    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    














    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    










    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




















    



    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
      




















    



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    




















    


  
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

  
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    






Year Ended December 31
 2014 Compared to Year Ended December
31
 2013

. Net revenues increased by $2.3 million
 or
approximately 1.1%
 to $217.6 million in 2014 from $215.3 million in 2013. This
increase was attributable to the increased revenues from sales of our chestnut
food products in the European market
 which partially offset by decreased
revenues from China domestic sales of three product segments as reflected in the
following table: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
      
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

037

    
    

709

    
    

328

    
    
    
    

    
    

874

    
    

213

    
    

338

    
    
    
    

    




641

    




357

    




716

    




    

    




553

    




279

    




273

    




    

approximately $19.4 million
 or approximately 12.2%
 in 2014. As a percentage of
total revenues
 revenues from the domestic PRC market decreased to approximately
64.2% from approximately 73.8% in 2013. Revenue from sales in international
markets increased by approximately $21.6 million
 or approximately 38.5% as we
consolidated the Athena Group in the second half of 2014. 

particularly in the European market in the past two years. In 2014
 revenues
from Europe market increased from $14.2 million to $38.0 million. See Note 15 to
the financial statements contained in this report for more information on the
breakdown of our sales pursuant to geographic region. 
 Our cost of revenues increased $7.5
million
 or approximately 4.3%
 to $179.6 million in 2014 from $172.1 million in
2013. This increase was attributable to the following factors
 by percentage:


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    
    
    


      utilities
 freight

    
    
    

    
    
    



which was attributed to the increase of the average price of raw materials and
consolidation of the Athena Group for second half of 2014. Wage expenses
increased primarily due to an increase in the number of production personnel and
the salary level.

revenues in 2014 as compared to 2013 among our different segments: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






. Our gross profit decreased $5.2 million
or 12.1%
 to $38.0 million in 2014 from $43.2 million in 2013. The cost of
revenues increased by $7.5 million which offset the increase of revenue of $2.3
million. The decrease in gross profit was principally attributable to the fact
that the Athena Group is under operational restructuring after our acquisition
and we believe its further sales potential will be realized in 2015. In
addition
 the sales of externally purchased finished products increased
 whose
gross profit margin is lower than that of our self-produced finished products.


. Our selling and
marketing expenses increased approximately $1.1 million
 or 10.8%
 to $11.6 in
2014 from $10.5 million in 2013. The increase is attributable to increases of
wages and benefits in 2014. In order to further penetrate to those new markets
and areas in 2015
 we recruited additional sales personnel to develop our direct
client base and management of distributors in 2014. In addition
 we also
implemented an incentive salary structure for sales and marketing employees
which led to the increase of personnel costs. The Selling and Marketing Expense
to Revenue ratio was 5.4% in 2014 compared to 4.9% in 2013
 management believes
the expense incurred is reasonable. 
 Our general and
administrative expenses increased approximately $3.4 million
 or 47.4%
 to $10.6
million in 2014 from $7.2 million in 2013. The increase is mainly due to the
fact that we consolidated the Athena Group for the second half of 2014
 whose
general and administrative expense for the period was $2.8 million. 


million in 2013 to $2.4 million in 2014
 representing grants received mostly
from the Junan County
 Beijing and Luotian government to assist us in our
research and business development. 
Income Before Taxation and Non-Controlling
Interest

$15.8 million
 or 67.8%
 to $7.5 million in 2014 from $23.3 million in 2013 as a
result of the increase of cost of sales and operating expenses
 for the reasons
indicated above. 


 or 44.6%
 to
$3.1 million in 2014
 as compared to $5.6 million in 2013. This decrease was
attributable to the lower income earned in 2014 as compared to 2013. 


equity of our subsidiary Shandong Lorain
 and Biobranco II
 Alcides Branco
 and
Nuno Branco hold 49% of the equity of the Athena Group
 which is reflected in
the non-controlling interest of $0.7 million in 2014 and $1.1 million in 2013.



 or 77.4%
 to $3.8 million
in 2014 from $16.6 million in 2013. As indicated above
 although revenue
achieved in the European market led to an increase in our total revenue by $2.3
million
 while cost of revenue increased $7.5 million due to reasons indicated
above. Particularly
 the Athena group that we consolidated for second half year
of 2014 had not reached full production capacity and its fixed costs and
expenses lowered the overall profitability. 






requirements necessitated by our sales growth
 adding new products and expanding
our facilities. In the past
 our primary sources of financing have been cash
generated from operations and short-term loans from banks in China. In addition
we secured a $15 million loan from Deutsche Investitions- und
Entwicklungsgesellshaft (&#147;DEG&#148;) in May 2010 which we had fully drawn down in
2011. We completed three private placement financings in 2012 and 2013 with net
proceeds of $13.0 million
 $16.3 million and $16.3 million
 respectively. In
2014
 we issued $3.5 million convertible promissory note to an investor.
Proceeds from cash drawn down from the DEG loan
 the private placement
transactions and convertible promissory note
 together with cash generated from
operations and short-term bank loans
 have been primarily used to fund our
working capital needs
 as well as addition to our construction in progress and
purchase of fixed assets.

 2014 and 2013
 cash and cash equivalents
(including restricted cash) were $34.5 million and $35.7 million
 respectively.
The debt to assets ratio was 37.7% and 33.0% as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
respectively. We expect to continue to finance our operations and working
capital needs in 2015 from cash generated from operations and short-term bank
loans. We expect that anticipated cash flows from operations and financial
institutions will be sufficient to fund our operations through at least the next
twelve months.

 we believe that cash on hand
cash flows from operations and funds available under our bank facilities will be
sufficient to fund our capital needs for the next twelve (12) months. However
if available liquidity is not sufficient to meet our operating and loan
obligations as they come due
 our plans include pursuing alternative financing
arrangements or reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash
requirements. However
 there is no assurance that we will be able to raise
additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide liquidity
 if
needed. Currently
 the capital markets for small capitalization companies are
difficult. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure of the availability or terms of any
alternative financing arrangements. 

cash flow for all financial statement periods presented in this report. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
For year ended
      December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    


    
    


    



    


    
    


    



    


    
    






million and net cash used in operating activities for 2013 was $8.4 million. The
increase of approximately $19.8 million in net cash flows provided by operating
activities resulted primarily from the decrease of accounts and other
receivables by $7.8 million in 2014
 compared to an increase of $26.1 million in
2013. 


 our uses of cash for investment activities are
primarily to purchase equipment and land use rights
 as well as long term
investment. Net cash used in investing activities for 2014 and 2013 were $11.2
million and $21.0 million
 respectively
 with the decrease of approximately $9.8
million cash used in investing activities primarily from $11.4 million payment
for the purchase of land use rights in 2013. 


and 2013 were $3.7 million and $29.0 million
 respectively. The decrease of
approximately $32.7 million in net cash flow in financing activities resulted
primarily from the fact that two debenture notes issued in 2013 aggregated to
$32.6
 while there was a $12.2 million increase in short term bank loans and the
issuance of a $3.5 million convertible promissory note in 2014. 






 2014 and 2013
 we carried $41.6 million and
$29.4 million short term bank loans from foreign and Chinese domestic banks.
Please refer to Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements for details.



United States generally accepted accounting principles requires our management
to make assumptions
 estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in
the financial statements
 including the notes thereto
 and related disclosures
of commitments and contingencies
 if any. We consider our critical accounting
policies to be those that require the more significant judgments and estimates
in the preparation of financial statements
 including the following: 
 We maintain our general ledger
and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting
purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management.
Accounting policies adopted by us conform to generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America and have been consistently applied in
the presentation of financial statements
 which are compiled on the accrual
basis of accounting. 
 The preparation of the financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.
Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the
time the estimates are made; however
 actual results could differ materially
from those estimates. 

accounts such as accounts receivable
 inventory
 fixed assets
 and intangible
assets. We use estimates to account for the related bad debt allowance
inventory impairment charges
 depreciation and amortization of our assets. In
the food processing industry these accounts have a significant impact on the
valuation of our balance sheet and the results of our operations. 
 The consolidated
financial statements are presented in US Dollars and include the accounts of the
Company and its commonly controlled entity. All significant inter-company
balances and transactions are eliminated in combination. 

 2014
 the particulars of the commonly
controlled entities are as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    &nbsp;
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    





















    
    
    
    
    
    
    

238

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

145

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

965

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

636

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

513

    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

927

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




 --
The long-lived assets held and used by us are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets
may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become
impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Determination of
recoverability of assets to be held and used is by comparing the carrying amount
of an asset to future net undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the assets.







If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the
carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. 

During the reporting years
 there was no impairment loss. 

 Our revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or
determinable
 the delivery is completed
 we have no other significant obligations and collectability is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.


We believe that when custody and title of goods has been passed to our customers
 or third party transporters
 revenue is recognized. Our industry does not call for revenue recognition under multiple deliverable arrangements. 



Our financial instruments are cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 advances to suppliers
 advances to employees
 bank loans and notes
 accounts payable
 other payables
 accrued liabilities
 and long-term liabilities.


The recorded values of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 other receivables
 advances to suppliers
 advances to employees
 bank loans and notes
 accounts payable
 other payables
 and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values
based on their short-term nature. The recorded values of long-term liabilities approximate their fair values
 as interest approximates market rates. 

We have maintained this accounting policy regarding financial instruments for our financial statements in 2014 and 2013. We consider it critical because our business is becoming more global in nature and the use of fair value for financial
instruments has been widely adopted by accounting bodies around the globe. With financial statements that are widely accepted and comparable in many jurisdictions we will have greater access to capital locally. 



In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08
 &ldquo;Presentation of Financial Statements Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360) - Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.&rdquo;
Some stakeholders told FASB that too many disposals of small groups of assets that are recurring in nature qualify for discontinued operations presentation under Subtopic 205-20
 Presentation of Financial Statements&mdash;Discontinued Operations.
That results in financial statements that are less useful for users. Other stakeholders noted that some of the guidance on reporting discontinued operations results in higher costs for preparers because it can be complex and difficult to apply. The
amendments in this Update address those issues by changing the criteria for reporting discontinued operations and enhancing convergence of the FASB&rsquo;s and the International Accounting Standard Board&rsquo;s (IASB) reporting requirements for
discontinued operations. The amendment should apply to all disposals (or classifications as held for sale) of components of an entity that occur within annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those years.


In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
 &ldquo;Compensation&mdash;Stock Compensation (Topic 718) - Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service
Period.&rdquo; Entities commonly issue share-based payment awards that require a specific performance target to be achieved in order for employees to become eligible to vest in the awards. Examples of performance targets include an entity attaining
a specified profitability metric or selling shares in an initial public offering. Generally
 an award with a performance target also requires an employee to render service until the performance target is achieved. In some cases
 however
 the terms
of an award may provide that the performance target could be achieved after an employee completes the requisite service period. That is
 the employee would be eligible to vest in the award regardless of whether the employee is rendering service on
the date the performance target is achieved. 

Current U.S. generally accepted accounting principles do not contain explicit
guidance on how to account for those share-based payments. Many reporting
entities account for performance targets that could be achieved after the
requisite service period as performance conditions that affect the
vesting of the award and
 therefore
 do not reflect the performance target in
the estimate of the grant-date fair value of the award. Other reporting entities
treat those performance targets as nonvesting conditions that affect the
grant-date fair value of the award. This Update is intended to resolve the
diverse accounting treatment of those awards in practice. 




For all entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective
for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning
after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted.

 The FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 &#147;Presentation
of Financial Statements&#151;Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of
Uncertainties about an Entity&#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&#148; (&#147;ASU
2014-15&#148;). The Update provides U.S. GAAP guidance on management&#146;s responsibility
in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company&#146;s ability to
continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each
reporting period
 management will be required to evaluate whether there are
conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company&#146;s ability to
continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial
statements are issued and to provide related footnote disclosures. 

December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after
December 15
 2016. Early application is permitted for annual or interim
reporting periods for which the financial statements have not previously been
issued. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a
significant effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial position or results
of operations. 

 The FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01
 &#147;Income
Statement&#151;Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20)&#148;.This Update
eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. Subtopic 225-20
 Income
Statement&#151;Extraordinary and Unusual Items
 required that an entity separately
classify
 present
 and disclose extraordinary events and transactions.
Presently
 an event or transaction is presumed to be an ordinary and usual
activity of the reporting entity unless evidence clearly supports its
classification as an extraordinary item. Paragraph 225-20-45-2 contains the
following criteria that must both be met for extraordinary classification: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

      should possess a high degree of abnormality and be of a type clearly
      unrelated to
 or only incidentally related to
 the ordinary and typical
      activities of the entity
taking into account the environment in which the
      entity operates.
  
    
    
  
    
    

      transaction should be of a type that would not reasonably be expected to
      recur in the foreseeable future
 taking into account the environment in
      which the entity operates.

classification
 an entity is required to segregate the extraordinary item from
the results of ordinary operations and show the item separately in the income
statement
 net of tax
after income from continuing operations. The entity also
is required to disclose applicable income taxes and either present or disclose
earnings-per-share data applicable to the extraordinary item. 

and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting
entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods
presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that
the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The
effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other
entities. 

applied it to the presentation of the financial statements. 

 2014
 there are no other recently issued
accounting standards not yet adopted that would or could have a material effect
on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements 






ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT
MARKET RISK

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL
DATA

as of December 31
 2014 begins on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

Disclosure Controls
and Procedures

Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (&#147;Exchange Act&#148;))
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
Exchange Act reports is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC&#146;s rules and forms
 and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including to our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 our
management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of
December 31
 2014. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31
 2014
 our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting described below. 

Management&#146;s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting.

adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the
participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in Internal
Control&#151;Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation
 our management
concluded that
 as of December 31
 2014
 our internal controls over financial
reporting are not effective. 

our management as of December 31
 2014 relates to the ability of the Company to
record transactions and provide disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We did
not have sufficient and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level
of experience in the application of U.S. GAAP
commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. For example
 our staff
members do not hold licenses such as Certified Public Accountant or Certified
Management Accountant in the U.S.
 have not attended U.S. institutions for
training as accountants
 and have not attended extended educational programs
that would provide sufficient relevant education relating to U.S. GAAP. Our
staff will require substantial training to meet the demands of a U.S. public
company and our staff&#146;s understanding of the requirements of U.S. GAAP-based
reporting are inadequate. 






accounting team. The training sessions will be organized to help our corporate
accounting team gain experience in U.S. GAAP reporting and to enhance their
awareness of new and emerging pronouncements with potential impact over our
financial reporting. In January 2014
 we attended the training session
featuring a COSO update from Mr. Robert B. Hirth
 Chairman of COSO. In 2014
 we
employed Mr. Johnny Zhou as our interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Zhou holds
an accounting degree from University of Macquarie in Australia and is a
Certified Practicing Accountant (CPA) of CPA Australia and is a Certified Public
Accountant of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. We also hired
other accounting staff members who obtained overseas qualifications and
accumulated solid working experience to properly manage and monitor daily
accounting functions and financial reporting procedures. We plan to continue to
recruit experienced and professional accounting and financial personnel and
participate in educational seminars
 tutorials
 and
conferences and employ more qualified accounting staff in future. 
Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting.


 during the fiscal year ended December 31
2014
 there were no
material changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in
connection with the evaluation performed during the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to
materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting. 


provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that: 

 in reasonable
detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our
assets; 

recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with U.S. GAAP
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of our assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer
 does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or
detect all misstatements. A control system
 no matter how well designed and
operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the
objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the
benefits of such controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of internal
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of
misstatements
 if any
 have been detected or prevented. Also
 projections of any
evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the
risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. 








 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Proxy Statement related to our 2015 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference. 


Proxy Statement related to our 2015 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference. 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Proxy Statement related to our 2015 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference. 



the end of fiscal year 2014 is as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
options

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
options

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Proxy Statement related to our 2015 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference. 
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES

Proxy Statement related to our 2015 Annual Stockholders' Meeting and is
incorporated herein by reference. 





ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 


Statements&#148; beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    

    
    

    


 as filed
      with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 15
 2009
 Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant&#146;s registration statement on
      Form S-3 filed on January 29
 2010. 

    


 Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant&#146;s registration statement on Form S-3 filed
      on January 29
 2010. 

    


      Preferred Stock of the registrant as filed with the Secretary of State of
      Delaware on April 9
 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
      registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8- K filed on May 9
 2007 in
      commission file number 0- 31619. 

    


      Preferred Stock of registrant as filed with the Secretary of State of
      Delaware on April 30
 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to
      the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 9
 2007.
  

    


      Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on
      October 29
 2009. 

    


      Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on
      October 29
 2009. 

    


 dated as of October 28
      2009. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the registrant&#146;s current
      report on Form 8-K filed on October 29
 2009. 

    


 dated as of September 9
      2010
 by and among American Lorain Corporation and the purchasers named
      therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the registrant&#146;s
      current report on Form 8-K filed on September 13
 2010. 

    


 dated as of September 9
 2010
 by
      and among American Lorain Corporation
 the purchasers named therein and Si
      Chen. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the registrant&#146;s
      current report on Form 8-K filed on September 13
 2010. 

    


      2009
 by and between American Loan Corporation and the purchasers named
      therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant&#146;s
      current report on Form 8-K filed on October 29
 2009. 

    


      2010
 by and among American Loan Corporation
 Si Chen and the purchasers
      named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the
      registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on September 13
 2010.
    

    


 dated as of September 9
      2010
 by and among American Lorain Corporation
 the purchasers named
      therein
 Si Chen and the collateral agent named therein. Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K
      filed on September 13
 2010. 

    


 dated May 31
 2010
 between Junan Hongrun
      Foodstuff Co. Ltd. and DEG-Deutsche Investitions- Und
      Entwicklungsgesellschaft MBH. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12
      to the registrant&#146;s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11
      2010. 

    


 2014 by and
      between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Intiraimi. Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K
      filed on February 13
 2014. 

    


      2014 by and between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Biobranco II.
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant&#146;s current
      report on Form 8-K filed on February 13
 2014. 

    


 2014 by and
      among Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 Athena
 and the other
      shareholders of Athena. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the
      registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 13
 2014.
  

    

      Small and Medium Size Enterprise Private
      Placement Notes Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Beijing Lorain Co.
      Ltd. and Haitong Securities
 Inc. dated August 28
 2013 Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on
      February 23
 2015

    

      Small and Medium Size Enterprise Private Placement Notes Subscription
      Agreement of 2013 between Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and Everbright
      Securities Assets Management Co.
 Ltd. dated August 28
 2013 Incorporated
      by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on
      February 23
 2015

    

      Small and Medium Size Enterprise Private
      Placement Notes Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Beijing Lorain Co.
      Ltd. and SWS MU Fund Management Co.
 Ltd. dated August 28
 2013
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A
      filed on February 23
 2015

    

      Small and Medium Size Enterprise Private Placement Notes Subscription
      Agreement of 2013 between Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and Essence Securities
      Inc. dated August 28
 2013 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to
      the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
 2015

    

      Small and Medium Size Enterprise Private Placement Notes Subscription
      Agreement of 2013 between Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and Guoyuan Securities
      Inc. dated August 28
 2013 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to
      the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
 2015

    

      Small and Medium Size Enterprise Private Placement Notes Subscription
      Agreement of 2013 between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Harfor
      Fund Management Co.
 Ltd. dated October 18
 2013 Incorporated by reference
      to Exhibit 10.13 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
      2015

    

      Small and Medium Size Enterprise Private Placement Notes Subscription
      Agreement of 2013 between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Opple
      Lighting Corporation. dated November 6
 2013 Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 10.14 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
 2015

    


 adopted on
      April 30
 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the
      registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 9
 2007. 

    

      

    

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
      * 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer
      pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 *

    
Certification of Chief
      Financial Officer
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
      2002 *

    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer
      pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
      the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 * 

    
Certification of Chief
      Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant
      to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 * 



Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 




/s/ Si
      Chen&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
      

    

 Chief
      Executive Officer 

1934
 this annual report has been signed by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    





  
    
    
    

    



 2015 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
  
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 2015 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    

    
    

 2015 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    

    
    

 2015 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    



    

 2015 

    
    
    
  
    
    
    



    

 2015 

    
    
    











 2014 AND 2013






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    
  
    
    



    

    
    



    

    
    



    

    
    



REPORT OF REGISTERED INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    

  

    



American Lorain Corporation as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 and the related
consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income
 stockholders' equity
and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits. 

Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of
American Lorain Corporation as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    












    
  





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

AT DECEMBER 31
 2014 AND 2013

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
At December 31


    
    
At December 31


    
  
    
    


    
    


    

    
    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

279
988

    
    

857
193

    



    

195

    
    

842

    



    

806

    
    

071

    



    

183

    
    

698

    



    

648

    
    

950

    



    

479

    
    

400

    



    

758

    
    

168

    

    
    
    
    
    


    







578

    




242

    








929

    




411

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

258

    
    
    
    


 plant and
      equipment
 
    

148

    
    

561

    


      &nbsp;Construction in Progress

    

340

    
    

665

    


      
    

537

    
    

407

    







327

    




    

    




541

    




046

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

645

    
    

400

    



    

005

    
    
    
    



    

500

    
    
    
    



    

226

    
    

713

    



    

071

    
    

015

    



    

320

    
    

422

    



    

153

    
    

315

    



    

433

    
    
    
    



    


    
    
    
    








    





    



    

486

    
    

034

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

707

    
    

079

    







581

    




823

    

    
    


775

    
    

937
804




Accountant&#146;s Report 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

AT DECEMBER 31
 2014 AND 2013

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
At December 31


    
    
At December 31


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    




    




 $0.001 par
      value
 5
000
000&nbsp;
      shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding
      at&nbsp;
      31
 2014 and 2013

    
    
    
    
    
    


      $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares
      
      authorized; 34
916
714 shares and 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 34
616
714 shares issued and
      
      outstanding as of December 31
 2014 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; and 2013














    
    

853

    
    

487

    

    



038






396




    
    

021

    
    

257

    






796






928




    
    

021

    
    

003

    
  
    




    




    

    
    

766

    
    

108

    
  
    




    




    

STOCKHOLDER&#146;S
      EQUITY




541

    




046




Accountant&#146;s Report 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

AUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE
      INCOME

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014 AND 2013
  

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
For the
      years ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


553



    


279




    




591

    




107

    



    

962



    

172
043



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    




    



    
    

642

    
    

507

    







654







231




    
    

296

    
    

738

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




665

    




433

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

378

    
    

606

    

    













    
    


    
    

484

    

    



    (567








  

    




347

    




152

    
  
    
    

    (2
762



    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

495



    

262
332



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



089






573



  
    




    




    

    




406







688



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    




    





    


    
    

717

    

    




274







406




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

752

    
    

633

    

    





    




054




    




406

    




688

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    















  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    




    



    
    

808

    
    

616

    







808







616




Accountant&#146;s Report 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014 AND 2013
  

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
For the
      years ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    




    



    
    

406

    
    

688

    











    





    

907

    
    

226

    



    


    
    


    



    

843

    
    

114


  



    

559

    
    

877

    



    




    

786


  



    


    
    


    



    

420

    
    

121

    







574

    




    







385

    




445


  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    



    

100

    
    
    
    

    
    

258



    
    
    



    
    
    
    


    



    

009

    
    

034

    





    
    



411


  



    

358

    
    

155

    














051










162

    




968

    





    




    





    

    (13
671



    

180


  








041







823

    







022







654

    







651

    




988

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

428

    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    


    
    

937

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







857

    




345

    







279







857



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Supplementary cash flow
      information:


    




    





    


    
    


    



    

318
618



    

386
788






    

672

    
    

364








style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
  

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014 AND 2013
  

    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    


















































 January 1





616














487







922







097







210







949







702


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    




























688



















688


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid
































054













054








    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    






















474







474




















    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid






































717













717


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



 December 31





616














487







396







257







928







003







108


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid

  
    















































    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



 January 1





616














487







396







257







928







003







108


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    




























752



















752


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid












































671







671


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    















































    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    


















































    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


























642







642




















    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    

















































    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





















































    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid




 December 31


    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



916




    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid







    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



853




    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



038




    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



021




    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



796




    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



021




    style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



766


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


Accountant&#146;s Report





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
ORGANIZATION
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND PRINCIPAL
      ACTIVITIES

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
Organization history of American Lorain Corporation
      (formerly known as Millennium Quest
 Inc.)
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      originally a Delaware corporation incorporated on February 4
 1986. On
      November 12
 2009
 the Company filed a statement of merger in the state of
      Nevada to transfer the Company&#146;s jurisdiction from Delaware to
    Nevada.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
Organization History of International Lorain Holding
      Inc. and its subsidiaries
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Holding Inc. (&#147;ILH&#148;). ILH is a Cayman Islands company incorporated on
      August 4
 2006 and was wholly-owned by Mr. Hisashi Akazawa until May 3
      2007. ILH presently has two direct wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Junan
      Hongrun and Luotian Lorain
 and three indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries
      through Junan Hongrun
 which are Beijing Lorain
 Dongguan Lorain
 and
      Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. (&#147;Shandong Greenpia&#148;).
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 the Company directly and indirectly has
      80.2% ownership of Shandong Lorain. The rest of the 19.8%
 which is owned
      by the State under the name of Shandong Economic Development Investment
      Co. Ltd.
 is not included as a part of the Group.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2009
 the Company
 through its Junan Hongrun
      subsidiary
 invested cash to establish Dongguan Lorain. Dongguan Lorain is
      indirectly 100% beneficially owned by the Company.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2010
 the Company signed an equity transfer
      agreement with Shandong Greenpia. Shandong Greenpia was originally
      directly owned by Taebong Inc. and Shandong Luan Trade Company. The
      Company paid $2
100
000to Korean Taebong Inc. for 50% equity of Shandong
      Greenpia on September 20
 2010. On September 23
 2010
 the Company issued
      731
707 shares of restricted stock at an agreed price of $2.87 per share
      to the owner of Shandong Luan Trade Company
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei
 for the
      remaining 50% equity of Shandong Greenpia. Since September 23
 2010
      Shandong Greenpia was directly owned by both Junan Hongrun and ILH. As a
      result
 Shandong Greenpia is 100% owned by the Company. Accordingly
 the
      Company booked a gain of $383
482 which is included in the statement of
      income as other income.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2014
 American Lorain Corporation
 through
      its indirect wholly owned subsidiary
 Junan Hongrun entered into two Share
      Purchase Agreements with Intiraimi
 a limited liability company organized
      under the laws of France and Biobranco II
 a company organized under
      Portuguese law
 respectively
 to acquire 51% of the share capital of
      Athena Group. On June 30
 2014
 Junan Hongrun officially completed the
      acquisition and controlled total 51% shares of Athena
  Group.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 manufactures
 and sells convenience
      foods (including ready-to- cook (or RTC) foods; ready-to-eat (or RTE)
      foods and meals ready-to-eat (or MRE); chestnut products; and frozen
      foods
 in hundreds of varieties. The Company operates through indirect
      Chinese and European subsidiaries. The products are sold in domestic
      markets as well as exported to foreign countries and regions such as
      Japan
 Korea and Europe.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
  POLICIES

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting purposes. The
      financial statements and notes are representations of management.
      Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted
      accounting principles in the United States of America and have been
      consistently applied in the presentation of financial statements
 which
      are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      presentation of changes in assets and liabilities in the statement of cash
      flows for the year ended December 31
 2014 in order to be consistent with
      the presentation provided for the year ended December 31
 2013. There was
      no impact on earnings for the regrouping.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Company and its subsidiaries are compiled in accordance with generally
      accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All
      significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
      The consolidated financial statements include 100% of assets
 liabilities
      and net income or loss of those wholly-owned subsidiaries; ownership
      interests of non- controlling investors are recorded as non-controlling
      interests.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2014
 the detailed identities of the
      consolidating subsidiaries are as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
equity
      interest
    
    
    

    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    










    


    

694
389




    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

741

    

    




    




    





177




    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

629

    

    




    




    





126




    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

502




    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of
      America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
      the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
      contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
      and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
      periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information
      available at the time the estimates are made; however
 actual results
      could differ materially from those estimates.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash
      equivalents.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought
      and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. All
      securities not included in trading securities are classified as
      available-for-sale.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are
      included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of
      the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from
      net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive
      income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of
      available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification
      basis.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    


      income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is
      established. To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary
 the
      Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the
      investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence
      indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to
      the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons
      for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value
subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      life of the related available- for-sale security as an adjustment to yield
      using the effective-interest method. Dividend and interest income are
      recognized when earned.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An
      estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount
      is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      materials are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods
      are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor and an appropriate
      proportion of overhead.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
Customer deposits and advances to
  suppliers
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      connection with orders of products to be delivered in future
    periods.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      supplier for the purpose of committing the supplier to provide product
      promptly upon delivery of the Company&#146;s purchase order for raw materials
      supplies
 equipment
 building materials
 and other items necessary for our
      operations. Pursuant to the Company&#146;s arrangements with its suppliers
      this deposit is generally 20% of the total amount contracted for. This
      type of transaction is classified as a prepayment under the account name
      &#147;Advance to Suppliers&#148; until such time as the Company&#146;s purchase order is
      delivered
 at which point this account is reduced by reclassification of
      the applicable amount to the appropriate asset account such as inventory
      or fixed assets or construction in progress.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
Property
 plant and equipment
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
      using the straight-line method with a salvage value of 10%. Estimated
      useful lives of the plant and equipment are as
follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

  

    


    

    
    

  

    
    
    

    
    

  

depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the
accounts and any gain or loss is included in the statement of income. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      as incurred
 whereas significant renewals and betterments are
      capitalized.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      construction or acquisition costs. The construction in progress is
      transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities
      necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No
      depreciation is provided until the asset is completed and ready for
      intended use.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided
      using the straight-line method over 40-50 years.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived
      Assets
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting
      Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Subtopic 360-10-35
 &#147;Accounting for the
      Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
&#148; for impairment whenever
      events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
      assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets
      could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes.
      Impairment is present if carrying amount of an asset is less than its
      undiscounted cash flows to be generated.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 a loss is recognized
      based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market
      value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of
      the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.The Company believes
      no impairment has occurred to its assets during 2014 and 2013.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

  incurred.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      incurred.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      defined contribution retirement plans to the relevant authorities are
      charged to the consolidated statement of income as
  incurred.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in
      future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are
      provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the
      carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
      purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation
      allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than
      not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize
      their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 &#147;Accounting
      for Income Taxes.&#148; Income tax liabilities computed according to the United
      States
 People&#146;s Republic of China (PRC)
 and France tax laws are provided
      for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements
      and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily
      to differences between the basis of fixed assets and intangible assets for
      financial and tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and liabilities
      represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which
      will be either taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are
      recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating
      losses that are available to offset future income taxes. A valuation
      allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if it is more likely
      than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to
      realize that tax benefit
 or that future realization is
  uncertain.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2008
 PRC government implemented a
      new 25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of
      whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is
      defined as two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption
      hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a
      standard 25% tax rate
 tax holidays terminated as of December 31
 2007.
      However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow
      enterprises that were already participating in tax holidays before January
      1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until they had been fully
      utilized.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      except for a small or new business
 which may benefit from lower rates. In
      addition
 a 3.3% of social surcharge is charged to the Company&#146;s French
      subsidiaries if the standard corporate income tax liability exceeds EUR
      763
000. Furthermore
 a 10.7% temporary surtax applies when a company&#146;s
      turnover exceeds EUR 250 million.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Internal Revenue Code Sections 951 and 957. Corporate income tax is
      imposed at progressive rates in the range of:
-

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
&nbsp;

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    

000

    
    


    

    
    
    

000

    
    

000

    
    

000

    

    
    
    

000

    
    

333

    
    

000

    

    
    
    

333

    
    
    
    
    
    
    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
      which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and
      are to be used to expand production or operations. The Company transferred
      $4
642
404 and $1
474
019 from retained earnings to statutory reserves for
      the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013. PRC laws prescribe that an
      enterprise operating at a profit
 must appropriate
 on an annual basis
 an
      amount equal to 10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary
      until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to 50% of the
      enterprise&#146;s PRC registered capital.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      United States dollars. The functional currencies of the Company are the
      Renminbi (RMB) and the Euro (EUR). The financial statements are translated
      into United States dollars from RMB and EUR at year- end exchange rates as
      to assets and liabilities and average exchange rates as to revenues and
      expenses. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange
      rates when the capital transactions occurred.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized
      institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have
      been
 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the rates used in
      translation.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      compliance with Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales revenue is
      recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement
      exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 no
      other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectability
      is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the
relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned
revenue.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      goods
 net of a value-added tax (VAT). The Company allows its customers to
      return products if they are defective. However
 this rarely happens and
      amounts returned have been de minimis.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
      outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by
      dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of ordinary
      shares outstanding and potential dilutive securities during the year.
      During the period ended December 31
 2014
 no warrants were issued nor
      were options granted. For the year ended December 31
 2010
 81
155
      warrants were issued to certain service providers. For the year ended
      December 31
 2009
 1
334
573 stock options were granted to employees
      pursuant to the Company&#146;s equity incentive plan; 2
255
024 warrants were
      issued to investors in connection with a PIPE financing. As of December
      31
 2014
 1
753
909 shares of Series A warrants are outstanding and all
      stock options to employees from the 2009 stock incentive program have
      expired. These warrants
      and options could be potentially dilutive if the market price of the
      Company&#146;s common stock exceeds the exercise price for these
    securities.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128
      &#147;Earnings per share&#148; (&#147;SFAS No. 128&#148;)
 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin
      No. 98 (&#147;SAB 98&#148;). SFAS No. 128 requires companies with complex capital
      structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as the
      income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted
      average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar
      to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of
      potential common shares (e.g.
 convertible securities
 options
 and
      warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods
      presented
 or issuance date
 if later. Potential common shares that have
      an anti-dilutive effect (i.e.
 those that increase income per share or
      decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted
      EPS.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 including cash and
      equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
      accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that
      approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic
      820
 &#147;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#148; requires disclosure of the
      fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
      &#147;Financial Instruments
&#148; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level
      valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that
      enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying
      amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and
      current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a
      reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of
      time between the origination of such instruments and their expected
      realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of
      valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


      prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

    
    


      quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and
      inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or
      indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.
      

    
    


      unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.
  

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &#147;Distinguishing
      Liabilities from Equity
&#148; and ASC 815.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 2014 and 2013
 the Company did not
      identify any assets and liabilities whose carrying amounts were required
      to be adjusted in order to present them at fair value.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are
      recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the
      amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions
      to owners. Among other disclosures
 all items that are required to be
      recognized under current accounting standards as components of
      comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement
      that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements.
      The Company&#146;s current component of other comprehensive income includes the
      foreign currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or
  loss.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 &#147;Reporting
      Comprehensive Income&#148;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and
      all changes to the statements of stockholders&#146; equity
 except the changes
      in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by
      stockholders. Comprehensive income for the periods ended December 31
 2014
      and 2013 included net income and foreign currency translation
      adjustments.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable assets acquired in a
      business combination. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 350
 Goodwill and
      Other Intangible Assets
 goodwill is no longer subject to amortization.
      Rather
 goodwill is subject to at least an annual assessment for
      impairment
 applying a fair-value based test. Fair value is generally
  determined using a discounted cash flow analysis. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08
      &#147;Presentation of Financial Statements Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and
      Equipment (Topic 360) - Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures
      of Disposals of Components of an Entity.&#148; Some stakeholders told FASB that
      too many disposals of small groups of assets that are recurring in nature
      qualify for discontinued operations presentation under Subtopic 205- 20
      Presentation of Financial Statements&#151;Discontinued Operations. That results
      in financial statements that are less useful for users. Other stakeholders
      noted that some of the guidance on reporting discontinued operations
      results in higher costs for preparers because it can be complex and
      difficult to apply. The amendments in this Update address those issues by
      changing the criteria for reporting discontinued operations and enhancing
      convergence of the FASB&#146;s and the International Accounting Standard
      Board&#146;s (IASB) reporting requirements for discontinued operations. The
      amendment should apply to all disposals (or classifications as held for
      sale) of components of an entity that occur within annual periods
      beginning on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those
      years.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
      &#147;Compensation&#151;Stock Compensation (Topic 718) - Accounting for Share-Based
      Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target
      Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.&#148; Entities commonly
      issue share-based payment awards that require a specific performance
      target to be achieved in order for employees to become eligible to vest in
      the awards. Examples of performance targets include an entity attaining a
      specified profitability metric or selling shares in an initial public
      offering. Generally
 an award with a performance target also requires an
      employee to render service until the performance target is achieved. In
      some cases
 however
 the terms of an award may provide that the
      performance target could be achieved after an employee completes the
      requisite service period. That is
 the employee would be eligible to vest
      in the award regardless of whether the employee is rendering service on
      the date the performance target is achieved.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      not contain explicit guidance on how to account for those share-based
      payments. Many reporting entities account for performance targets that
      could be achieved after the requisite service period as performance
      conditions that affect the vesting of the award and
 therefore
 do not
      reflect the performance target in the estimate of the grant-date fair
      value of the award. Other reporting entities treat those performance
      targets as nonvesting conditions that affect the grant-date fair value of
      the award. This Update is intended to resolve the diverse accounting
      treatment of those awards in practice.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 the amendments in this Update are
      effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual
      periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is
      permitted.





 The FASB issued ASU No.
2014-15
 &#147;Presentation of Financial Statements&#151;Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):
Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern&#148; (&#147;ASU 2014-15&#148;). The Update provides U.S. GAAP guidance on management&#146;s
responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a
company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote
disclosures. For each reporting period
 management will be required to evaluate
whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a
company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date
the financial statements are issued and to provide related footnote disclosures.


periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within annual
periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Early application is permitted for
annual or interim reporting periods for which the financial statements have not
previously been issued. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard
will have a significant effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial position
or results of operations. 

 The FASB issued ASU
No. 2015-01
 &#147;Income Statement&#151;Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic
225-20)&#148;.This Update eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items.
Subtopic 225-20
 Income Statement&#151;Extraordinary and Unusual Items
 required that
an entity separately classify
 present
 and disclose extraordinary events and
transactions. Presently
 an event or transaction is presumed to be an ordinary
and usual activity of the reporting entity unless evidence clearly supports its
classification as an extraordinary item. Paragraph 225-20-45-2 contains the
following criteria that must both be met for extraordinary classification:

3. Unusual nature. The underlying event or transaction should possess a high
degree of abnormality and be of a type clearly unrelated to
 or only
incidentally related to
 the ordinary and typical activities of the entity

taking into account the environment in which the entity operates.

4. Infrequency of occurrence. The underlying event or transaction should be of a
type that would not reasonably be expected to recur in the foreseeable future
taking into account the environment in which the entity operates.

If an event or transaction meets the criteria for extraordinary classification
an entity is required to segregate the extraordinary item from the results of
ordinary operations and show the item separately in the income statement
 net of
tax
after income from continuing operations. The entity also is required to
disclose applicable income taxes and either present or disclose
earnings-per-share data applicable to the extraordinary item.

The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim
periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. A
reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also
may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the
financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is
applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The effective date is
the same for both public business entities and all other entities.

The Company has adopted ASU No. 2015-01 prospectively and has applied it to the
presentation of the financial statements.

 2014
 there are no
other recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would or could
have a material effect on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      placed with banks to secure banking facilities in the form of loans and
      notes payable. The restriction of funds is based on time. The funds that
      collateralize loans are held for 60 days in a savings account that pays
      interest at the prescribed national daily savings account rate. For funds
      that under lie notes payable
 the cash is deposited in six month time
      deposits that pay interest at the national time deposit
  rate.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
TRADE ACCOUNTS
RECEIVABLE

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

726
091

    
    

511
350

    

    
Allowance for





919

    





    

    
    




806

    




071
475



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    



    
    



    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




479

    




    

    
    




    





    

    
    




919

    





    

between 30 to 60 days to most of its domestic customers
 including
supermarkets and wholesalers
 around 90 days to most of its international
customers
 and between 0 to 15 days for most of the third-party distributors the
Company works with. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    


    

623

    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    


    


    
    


    

    
    
    

420

    
    


    

    


    

629

    
    

413

    

    
    




767

    




    

    






183

    




698




disbursements consisted of advances to employees for transportation
 meals
client entertainment
 commissions
 and procurement of certain raw materials. The
advances issued to employees may be carried for extended periods of time because
employees may spend several months out in the field working to procure new sales
contracts or fulfill existing contracts. 

 the company uses  available employees
of the purchasing department to arrange purchases with desirable chestnut or other raw
material growers. However
 because many of these growers are in rural farming
areas of China where traditional banking and credit arrangements are difficult
to implement
 the Company must utilize cash purchases and also must contract for
its future needs by placing a good faith deposit in cash with the growers. However none of these advances to employees for
delivery to the growers on behalf of the Company are &#147;personal loans&#148; to the
employees. Advances to employees for purchase of materials in other receivables
are adjusted to advances to suppliers as of December 31
 2014.





advances issued by management for job or travel disbursement in the normal
course of business. The receivable had no impact on earnings. As with other
employees
 officers sign notes when cash is issued to them as job or travel
disbursement. In order to satisfy certain criteria for obtaining the long-term
loan with DEG
 as noted in footnote 12
 Junan Hongrun lent money to Mr. You
Huadong to purchase life insurance. Related party receivable amounts are
disclosed as &#147;other related party receivables&#148; in other receivables. 

 Shandong Lorain and
Junan Hengji Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (&quot;Junan Hengji&quot;) entered into a
cooperative development agreement (the &quot;Agreement&quot;)
 and in March 2011
 Jiangsu
Heng An Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. (&quot;Heng An Investment&quot;)
 an
affiliated company of Junan Hengji also entered into the Agreement with Shandong
Lorain to jointly develop the project with Junan Hengji. Pursuant to the
Agreement
 Shandong Lorain agreed to sell the Company&#146;s interest in the amount
of $7
764
577 (RMB 49
604
000) in a parcel of land located in Junan Town
Shandong Province
 to construct residential buildings by Junan Hengji and Heng
An Investment. The land was sold to Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment for a
total sales price of RMB 69
604
000 and a guaranteed gross profit of RMB
20
000
000 without consideration of the profit or loss of the residential
building project. 

As of December 31
 2014
 a total of RMB 42
029
955 has been received and there
was an unpaid balance of RMB 27
574
045. The Company filed litigation against
Junan Hengji in 2013 and Heng An Investment in 2014 for a claim of RMB 10
000
000
 which
is half of the original guaranteed profit of RMB 20
000
000. The Company
evaluated the potential claims against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment.
Junan Hengji is obligated to pay out of pocket expenses as well as the
litigation fee that is required to be paid to the court based upon the amount
claimed for disputes between the parties. Shandong Lorain decided to file the
lawsuit with the Linyi City Intermediate People's Court to claim a fixed return
of RMB 10 million (approximately $1
612
903). The balance of the claim was
deemed to be uncollectable and was written off as a loss. As of December 31
2014
 RMB 10
000
000 (USD 1
629
062) is due and payable to the Company. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      2014 and 2013:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

557
607

    
    

262
278

    

    
    




090

    




687

    

    
    




648

    




950




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
  
    
    
  
    
    

 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following
      as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

751

    
    

325

    

    


    


    
    
    
    

    

 plant

    

923

    
    

974

    

    


    

853

    
    

837

    

    


    

095

    
    


    

    







    





    

    
    
    

511

    
    

400

    

    
:
      
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

479

    
    

975

    

    

      &nbsp;Landscaping

    


    
    

081

    

    


    

181

    
    

916

    

    


    

252

    
    


    

    
    





    





    

    
    




362

    




838

    
  
    
    




148

    




561







 plants
 and trees accounts
for the orchards that the Company has developed for agricultural operations.
These orchards as well as the young trees which were purchased as nursery stock
are capitalized into fixed assets. The depreciation is then calculated on a
30-year straight-line method when production in commercial quantities begins.
The orchards have begun production in small quantities and the Company has
accounted for depreciation commencing July 1
 2010. In  2013
 the
Company began leasing three greenhouses to grow seasonal crops in order to lower cost.
Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was
$4
907
651 and $4
226
873
 respectively.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET
  
    
    
  
    
    

      December 31
 2014 and 2013:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
12/31/2014
    
    
    
12/31/2013
    
    

    


      
    

520
374

    
    

600
945

    

    

 
    


    
    


    

    

 
    


    
    


    

    

 




581

    





    

    
    
    

604

    
    

712

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
:
      




066

    




305

    

    
    




537

    




407

    

China. Land use rights represent the Company&#146;s purchase of usage rights for a
parcel of land for a specified duration of time
 typically 50 years.
Amortization expense for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $603
682
and $301
079
 respectively. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 short-term bank
      loans
 and current portion of long- term loan
 which consisted of the
      following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
CIC Lorient
      Enterprises
due
      within
    

106



    
    



    
Credit Agricole
Interest rate
      of
    


    
    
    
    

    
LCL Banque et
      Assurance
due
      within








    



    
Soci&#233;t&#233; G&#233;n&#233;rale
Interest rate
      of
    


    
    
    
    

    
Banque Tarneud

      
      








    



    
BPI France

      
    

151

    
    
    
    

    
HSBC
Interest rate
      of








    



    
GE

      
    


    
    
    
    

    
BES

Interest rate
      of


    




    



    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    









    



    
    
    

716

    
    
    



inventory. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from
      Industrial and Commercial Bank of China

    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

091
386

    

    
    


    
    
    
    

145

    

    
    


    
    
    
    

129

    

    
    


    
    
    
    

088

    

    
    


    

466

    
    
    
    

    
    


    

072

    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    

010

    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    

629

    
    
    
    

    
    


    

629

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from Linyi Commercial
      Bank

    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

636

    

    
    


    
    
    
    

472

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from China
      Minsheng Bank Corporation
 Linyi
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

454

    

    
    


    

629

    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from
      Agricultural Bank of China
 Junan Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    

629

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from
      Agricultural Bank of China
 Luotian
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

636

    

    
    


    
    
    
    

636

    

    
    


    

117

    
    
    
    

    
    


    

629

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
China Agricultural Development
      Bank
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    


    
    


    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Bank of Beijing

    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

309

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Luotian Sanliqiao Credit
      Union

    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Beijing International Trust Co.
      Ltd.

    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

636

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Bank of Ningbo 

    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

636

    

    
    


    

629

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Hankou Bank
      Guanggu Branch

    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

636

    

    
    


    

629

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Agricultural Bank of China
      Shandong Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

636

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Ping An Bank
      Jinan Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

145

    

    
    


    

117

    
    
    
    

    
    


    

629

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
China Agricultural Development
      Bank
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    


    
    


    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Bank of Beijing

    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

309

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Luotian Sanliqiao Credit
      Union

    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Beijing International Trust Co.
      Ltd.

    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

636

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Bank of Ningbo 

    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

636

    

    
    


    

629

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Hankou Bank
      Guanggu Branch

    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

636

    

    
    


    

629

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Agricultural Bank of China
      Shandong Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

636

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Ping An Bank
      Jinan Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

145




    
    


    
    
    
    


  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Luzhen Credit
      Union
 
    
    
    
    
    
  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    


  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Bank of Rizhao
      
    
    
    
    
    
  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    

629

    
    
    
  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
China
      Construction Bank
 
    
    
    
    
    
  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

      rate

    
    
    
    


  

    
    

 due

    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    


    
    
    
  

    
    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
  

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
Huaxia Bank
 
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    


    

629

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
Bank of China
 Paris Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    


    

622

    
    
    
    

    
    






954

    




  

    
    
    




639

    




400

    





 which are
  denominated in the functional currencies Renminbi (RMB) and Euros
 were
  primarily obtained for general working capital. If not otherwise indicated in
  the below remarks
 short-term loans are guaranteed by either companies within
the group or personnel who hold a management role within the group. 

consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
BNP Paribas
 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    



    
CIC Lorient Enterprises
 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Credit Agricole
 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
LCL Banque et Assurance
 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Banque Tarneud
      
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
BPI France
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Soci&#233;t&#233; G&#233;n&#233;rale
 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    




    




    

    
    
    




288

    











negotiating with Banque Tarneud to extend the repayment terms of the loan. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and
  2013:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Note payable issued by
      Shanghai Pudong 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


032

    
    


    

    
    
    




032

    




    

consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
12/31/2014
    
    
    
12/31/2013
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loans from China
      Development Bank 
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    
    
    





    
    


    

140

    
    
    
    

    
    


    

303

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loans from
      Deutsche Investitions-und

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

875

    

    
    


    
    
    
    

875

    

    
    


    

875

    
    
    
    

    
    






875

    




    

    
    
    




193

    




713

    
  
    
    
    




    




    

    
    
    




226

    




713

    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
NOTES PAYABLE AND CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY
    NOTE
  
    
    
  
    
    

      31
 2014 and 2013:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Notes payable
      issued by Hankou Bank

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    

629

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Notes payable issued by BNP
      Paribas

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Notes payable
      issued by CIC Lorient Enterprises

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    

434

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Notes payable issued by Credit
      Agricole

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Notes payable
      issued by LCL Banque et Assurance

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Notes payable issued by Soci&#233;t&#233;
      G&#233;n&#233;rale

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    




    




    

    
    
    




005

    











third party guarantors. 

of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Note issued by Jade Lane Group
      Limited
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


500

    
    


    

    
    
    




500

    




    

 interest
on the outstanding Principal Amount accrues at a rate of 4.5% per annum
 and all
accrued but unpaid interest is due and payable on December 31
 2014 and on the
last day of each quarter thereafter. If the Note is not converted pursuant to
the terms of the Note
 additional interest on the outstanding Principal Amount
shall accrue at a rate of 4.5% per annum and is payable at the maturity of the
Note. Unless the Note is otherwise accelerated or converted
 the unpaid
Principal Amount of the Note
 together with all accrued but unpaid interest
 is
due and payable
 at the election of the Holder
 on September 13
 2014 or March
13
 2015 (&#147;Maturity Date&#148;)
 provided
 however
 if Holder fails to notify the
Company in writing by August 13
 2014 that it elects the maturity date of
September 13
 2014
 then the Maturity Date will be extended to March 13
 2015.
The Company did not receive the notification from the Holder to elect the
maturity date of December 31
 2014; therefore
 the maturity date will be March
13
 2015. 

 under the terms of the
Note
 at any time commencing on or after September 13
 2014 and before March 13
2015
 the Holder
 at Holder&#146;s option and upon five (5) days prior written notice
to the Company
 may convert in whole or in part the outstanding Principal Amount
into a number of shares of Common Stock of the Company (&#147;Common Stock&#148;) on a per
share conversion price of $1.15 per share
 as may be adjusted from time to time
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Note (&#147;Conversion Price&#148;); provided
however
 the Company will not effect any conversion of the Note
 and the Holder
will not have the right to convert any portion of the Note
 to the extent (but
only to the extent) that the Holder would beneficially own in excess of the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below)
 which beneficial ownership
will be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended. The &#147;Beneficial Ownership Limitation&#148; is 9.99% of the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note.

guarantee of Si Chen
 the Company&#146;s chief executive officer and chairman.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      31
 2014 and  2013:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    

664
596

    
    

341

    

    
    
    


    
    

572

    

    


    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    





    





    

    
    




320

    




422

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    


    

751

    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    

359

    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    





    





    

    
    




153

    




315




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
Loans from
      Deutsche Investitions-und

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    

875

    
    

625

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loans from China Development
      Bank
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

454

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
BNP Paribas


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
CIC Lorient Enterprises

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Credit
      Agricole

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
LCL Banque et
      Assurance

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Soci&#233;t&#233; G&#233;n&#233;rale

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Banco Portugue
      de Negocios

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    







    




    

    
    
    




707

    




079

    





with DEG in semi-annual installments on September 15
 2012. As of December 31
2014 and 2013
 the Company has repaid $9
375
000 and $5
625
000 in principal.
The loan was collateralized with the following terms: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


      amount of about USD 12
000
000 on the Company's land and building in favor of DEG.
      

    
    


 its
      majority shareholder
 or shares as the sponsor in the amount of about USD
      12
000
000 in form and substance satisfactory to DEG 

    
    


      indicated in the Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a)) and the value of the
      pledged shares of Mr. Si Chen (Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a))) should
      be at least USD 24
000
000. 

    
    


      shareholder
 Chairman and CEO of the Company in a
      form and substance satisfactory to DEG. 


 2014 and
2013: 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
Note payable
      issued by Shanghai Pudong
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    

092

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Debenture issued by 5 private
underwritten by Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    

290

    
    

365

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Debenture issued
underwritten by Daiwa SSC Securities
      Co. Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    






290

    




365

    

    
    
    




581

    




823




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2007
 the Company underwent a
      reverse-merger and a concurrent financing transaction that resulted in
      24
923
178 shares of outstanding common stock that remained unchanged
      through December 31
 2007. In connection with the financing
 the Company
      also issued 1
037
858 and 489
330 warrants to the PIPE investors and
      placement agent
 respectively. During 2008
 several holders of warrants
      issued in connection with the financing transaction exercised their rights
      to purchase shares at the prescribed exercise price. The holders of the
      warrants exercised the right to purchase a total of 360
207 shares;
      however
 because the holders did not pay in cash for the warrants
 110
752
      of those shares were cancelled as consideration in lieu of the warrant
      holders paying in cash. Ultimately
 249
455 of new shares were issued to
      those who exercised their warrant. The Company also made an adjustment to
      its outstanding share count for rounding errors as result of the split and
      reverse splits made at the time of the reverse merger. The number of
      shares in the adjustment was an addition of seven shares. The Company
      believes the adjustment of seven shares is immaterial to both prior and
      current earnings per share calculation. 
  
    
    
  
    
    

 the Company issued 56
393 shares of
      stock to its employees and vendors and 5
011
169 shares to investors. The
      Company issued 1
334
573 stock options to employees on July 28
 2009;
      1
753
909 shares of Series A warrants and 501
115 shares of Series B
      warrants were issued to investors on October 28
 2009. As of December 31
      2014
 1
753
909 shares of Series A warrants are outstanding; concurrently
      501
115 shares of Series B warrants and all stock options to employees
      from the 2009 stock incentive program have expired
  
    
    
  
    
    

 the Company issued 2
000 shares to
      a service provider on February 10
 2010 and 81
155 warrants to various
      service providers on January 5
 2010. The Company issued to investors
      3
440
800 shares at an agreed price of $2.80 per share for a PIPE
      financing on September 10
 2010. This financing brought $8
955
730 net
      proceeds to the Company. The Company issued 5
000 shares to its employee
      on September 23
 2010. 731
707 shares of restricted stock were issued to
      the owner of Shandong Greenpia
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei on September 24
 2010 as
      part of acquisition cost. As of December 31
 2014
 the 81
155 warrants
      issued to various service providers have expired.





 2014
and 2013
 the Company transferred $4
642
404 and $1
474
019 from retained
earnings to statutory reserve. These transfers are to be used for future company
development
 recovery of losses and increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand
production or operations.

For the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company issued 300
000 shares to a
consulting company as its financial advisor for management consulting and
advisory services.

As detailed in the table below
 the total number of outstanding shares at
December 31
 2014 was 34
916
714.
Capitalization Reconciliation
Table 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

      



      outstanding 

    

000

    

172
640 


      
    
    

393 


      
    
    

011
169 


      
    
    

000 


      
    
    

440
800 

    
    
    

000 


      
    
    

707 


      
    
    

000 


      employees per 
    
    

092 


      employees per 
    
    

073 


      employees per 
    
    

840 


      service 
    
    

000 

    
    
    

916
714







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 





    
    
    


      investors in 

753

    
    

    

753

    



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

    following:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      Economic Development Investment Corporation
 which is a state-owned
      interest.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Alcides Branco
 and Nuno Branco.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    

709

    

    
    
    


037



    
    



    
    
    

874

    
    

213

    

    
    




641







357




    
    
    
    
    
    
215
279
78
    

    
    




553
660













following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

241



    





    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    



624






296




    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    


    





785




    
    
    

834

    
    
    
    

    
    



665






282




    
    
    


    
    

232

    

    
    













    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    



059





    



    
    
    

131

    
    

763

    

    
    



797






663




    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    








    



    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    


    









    
    
    

930

    
    

557

    

    
    








    



    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    



470





    



    
    
    

359

    
    

413

    

    
    



225






335




    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    













    
    
    


    
    





    
    
    

182

    
    

269

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    

361

    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    




553
660 
    




279
785 
    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 France
      and Portugal
 and in accordance with the relevant tax laws and
      regulations. The corporate income tax rate for each country is as
      follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

reconciliation of the differences between the statutory and effective tax
expenses for the periods ended December 31
 2014 and 2013: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
12/31/2014
    
    
    
12/31/2013
    
    

    


    

397



    

547
394




    
    





    





    

    
    




495







262



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

089

    
    

573

    

    















    
    




089

    




573

    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
12/31/2014
      
    
    
12/31/2013
      
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    


    
    



    
    
    

808

    
    

616

    

    
    




    







statutory income tax rate and the Company&#146;s effective tax rate was as follows
for the periods ended December 31
 2014 and 2013:





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    


    
    


    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    






    




    

    
    




    




    

 2008
 the PRC
government implemented a new 25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises
regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday
which is defined as &#147;two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption&#148;
hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard 25%
tax rate
 tax holidays were terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC
government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises that
were already participating in tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue
enjoying the tax holidays until being fully utilized.

asset as a result of its net operating loss  as of and before December 31
2014 because the Company planned to setup operations in the United States. The
company anticipates that the operations within the United States will generate
income in the future so that it will be able to take full advantage of the
accrued tax asset. Accordingly the Company has not provided a valuation
allowance for the accrued tax asset. 

its Chinese subsidiaries for 2014 and 2013 in the following table: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  

earnings per share were as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
For the
      year ended
    

    
    
    
December
      31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    






752

    




633

    

    







752

    




633

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    






752

    




633

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    






752

    




633

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

616

    
    

616

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    





    




    

    
    




808

    




616

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Additions from Potential
      Events
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    






    




    

    






808

    




616

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

808

    
    

616

    

    
    
    

808

    
    

616

    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2009
 the Company&#146;s Board of Directors
      adopted the American Lorain Corporation 2009 Incentive Stock Plan (the
      &#147;Plan&#148;). The Plan provides that the maximum number of shares of the
      Company&#146;s common stock that may be issued under the Plan is 2
500
000
      shares. The Company&#146;s employees
 directors
 and service providers are
      eligible to participate in the Plan.
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2009
 the Company
      recorded a total of $166
346 of shared based compensation expense. The
      Company issued warrants that upon exercise would result in the issuance of
      1
334
573 common shares. These stock options vest over three years
 where
      33.33% vest annually. The expense related to the stock options was
      $107
375. The Company also recorded expense of $58
971 for the issuance of
      56
393 common shares to participants; these common shares vested
      immediately. Given the materiality and nature of share based compensation
      the entire expense has been recorded as general and administrative expenses. For the year ended
December 31
 2010
 the Company recorded a total of $890
209 stock option and its
related general and administrative expenses. 





 2014 the Company&#146;s
board of directors approved the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (&#147;2014 Plan&#148;).
Subject to adjustment as provided in the 2014 Plan
 the total number of shares
of Common Stock reserved and available for delivery in connection with awards
under the 2014 Plan is 3
000
000. Currently there are no shares or options
granted under the 2014 Plan. The Company will not grant any awards until the
2014 Plan has been approved by the stockholders in compliance with the NYSE Amex
Company Guide and favorable federal income tax treatment for grants of incentive
stock options under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as
amended. On June 9
 2014
 the 2014 Plan was approved at the annual stockholders'
meeting of the Company. This 2014 Plan replaces the Company&#146;s 2009 Incentive Stock Plan (the
&#147;Prior Plan&#148;) and no additional stock awards shall be granted under the Prior
Plan. All outstanding stock awards granted under the Prior Plan shall remain
subject to the terms of the Prior Plan with respect to which they were
originally granted. 

realized. For years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company has yet to
repatriate its earnings. Accordingly it has not recognized any deferred tax
assets or liability in regards to benefits derived from the issuance of stock
options. 

 2014
and 2013
 the Company did not grant any stock options. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


      leasing a factory building located in Dongguan
 China. The lease was
      signed by Shandong Lorain on behalf of Dongguan Lorain and expires on
      August 9
 2018. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      property at December 31
 2014 are shown in the following table:
  

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    





    

    
    
    








December 31
 2014 was $334
696. 

this property at December 31
 2013 are shown in the following table:





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    





    

    
    
    





    

December 31
 2013 was $427
381. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


 2013
 the Company
      entered into three operating lease agreements leasing three plots of land
      where greenhouses are maintained to grow seasonal crops. The leases were
      signed by Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and expires on April 25
 2033
      May 19
 2033
 and June 19
 2033
 respectively. 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      properties at December 31
 2014 are shown in the following tables:
  

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    


    






    




    


    






    




    









    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    


    










    




    










    




    









    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    


    










    




    










    




    









    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    


    










    




    










    




    









    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    


    










    




    










    




    









    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    


    










    




    










    




    









    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    


    










    




    










    




    









    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    


    










    




    










    




    









    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    


    










    




    










    




    









    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    


    











    




    











    




    










    
    
    
    




556

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




864

    
    
    
    
    
    
    








the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2014 was $3
644
719. 





these properties at December 31
 2013 are shown in the following tables:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    

    
    
    
    




634

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




960

    
    
    
    
    
    
    








outstanding lease commitments for the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2013
was $3
829
300. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2015
 the Company and Jade Lane Group
      Limited entered into an agreement to repayment terms of the promissory
      note in the amount of $3
500
000 issued to the Company on March 13
 2014. The Company agreed to repay
      the promissory note in form of both cash payment of $791
433 and
      conversion of 2
355
276 shares of common stock at a conversion price of
      $1.15 per share.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      


in Linyi City Intermediate People's Court of Shandong Province
 which was filed
by Shandong Lorain
 a subsidiary of the Company
 against Junan Hengji Real
Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (&quot;Junan Hengji&quot;) in November 2013. Subsequently
Shandong Lorain added Jiangsu Hengan Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd.
(&quot;Hengan Investment&quot;) as a co-defendant. 

 Shandong Lorain
and Junan Hengji entered into a cooperative development agreement (the
&quot;Agreement&quot;) and in March 2011
 Heng An Investment
 an affiliated company of
Junan Hengji also entered into the Agreement with Shandong Lorain to jointly
develop the project with Junan Hengji. Pursuant to the Agreement. Junan Henji
and Heng An Investment are required to pay Shandong Lorain a total RMB 20
million (approximately $3
225
806) fixed return according to the development
status of the project developed by Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. The
payment was due and unpaid to Shandong Lorain. Shandong Lorain and the Company
evaluated the potential claims against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment
disputes between the parties with respect to out of pocket expenses paid by
Junan Hengji as well as the litigation fee that is required to be paid to the
court based upon the amount claimed. Eventually
 Shandong Lorain decided to file
the lawsuit with Linyi City Intermediate People's Court to claim a fixed return
of RMB 10 million (approximately $1
612
903) first. 

 the court had its
first trial session. During the trial
 Heng An Investment filed a counterclaim
against Shandong Lorain for repayment of out of pocket expenses which would
off-set the entire fixed return plus additional unpaid expense of RMB 4
746
927
(approximately $765
633). Shandong Lorain responded that Heng An Investment does
not have standing to file the counter-claim because the out of pocket payments
were made by Junan Hengji. In November 2014
 the court had a second trial
session and completed its discovery process and the Company is waiting for the
judgment of the court. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    
      





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

 the age of account
      receivables have been less than one year indicating that the Company is
      subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      term loans become due and require refinancing.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Accordingly
 the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
 and results of
      operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
 and
      legal environments in the PRC.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with
      companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks
      associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal
      environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&#146;s results may be
      adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in
      the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and
      regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances
      abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      by the PRC government. The Company has both a water treatment facility for
      water used in its production process and secure transportation to remove
      waste off site. In the event of an accident
 the Company has purchased
      insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local
      environment.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Historically inflation has not materially impacted the company&#146;s financial
      statements; however
 significant increases in the price of raw materials
      and labor that cannot be passed on the Company&#146;s customers could adversely
      impact the Company&#146;s results of operations.














   







 2015 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    
    



    

    
    

    

  

    
    

    

  

    
    

    

  

    
    


      
    



    



    



    


















   






Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-160822) and Form S-3 (No.
333-164605 and No. 333-169815) of American Lorain Corporation of our report
dated April 15
 2015 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of
American Lorain Corporation
 which report appears in this Annual Report on Form
10-K of American Lorain Corporation of the year ended December 31
 2014. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


    







 Professional Corporation 


















   





PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302

 Si Chen
 certify that:

Lorain Corporation. 

 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

Registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as
of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the Registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#146;s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or
is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#146;s internal control
over financial reporting; and 



disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
Registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and 

 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2015 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


/s/ Si
      Chen&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

    

    

    













   




PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302

 Xiang Zhou
 certify that: 

Lorain Corporation. 

 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

Registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as
of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the Registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#146;s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or
is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#146;s internal control
over financial reporting; and 



disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
Registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and 

 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2015
Title: Chief
Financial Officer 













   




AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

Corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2014
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
&#147;Report&#148;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the date indicated below
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge: 

13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 in
all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the
Company.

 2015 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; 


/s/ Si
      Chen&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
      

    

    

    













   




AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

Corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2014
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
&#147;Report&#148;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the date indicated below
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge: 

13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 in
all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the
Company.

 2015 
Title: Chief
Financial Officer 



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;1.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;ORGANIZATION
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(a)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Organization history of American Lorain Corporation (formerly known as Millennium Quest
 Inc.)&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;American Lorain Corporation (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;ALN&amp;#8221;) was originally a Delaware corporation incorporated on February 4
 1986. On November 12
 2009
 the Company filed a statement of merger in the state of Nevada to transfer the Company&amp;#8217;s jurisdiction from Delaware to Nevada.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(b)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Organization History of International Lorain Holding Inc. and its subsidiaries&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            ALN owns
            100% of the equity of International Lorain Holding Inc. (&amp;#8220;ILH&amp;#8221;). ILH is a Cayman Islands company incorporated on August 4
 2006 and was wholly-owned by Mr. Hisashi Akazawa until May 3
 2007. ILH presently has two direct wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Junan Hongrun and Luotian Lorain
 and three indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries through Junan Hongrun
 which are Beijing Lorain
 Dongguan Lorain
 and Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Shandong Greenpia&amp;#8221;).
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            In addition
 the Company directly and indirectly has
            80.2% ownership of Shandong Lorain. The rest of the
            19.8%
 which is owned by the State under the name of Shandong Economic Development Investment Co. Ltd.
 is not included as a part of the Group.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On April 9
 2009
 the Company
 through its Junan Hongrun subsidiary
 invested cash to establish Dongguan Lorain. Dongguan Lorain is indirectly
            100% beneficially owned by the Company.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On June 28
 2010
 the Company signed an equity transfer agreement with Shandong Greenpia. Shandong Greenpia was originally directly owned by Taebong Inc. and Shandong Luan Trade Company. The Company paid $2
100
000
            to Korean Taebong Inc. for
            50% equity of Shandong Greenpia on September 20
 2010. On September 23
 2010
 the Company issued
            731
707
            shares of restricted stock at an agreed price of $2.87
            per share to the owner of Shandong Luan Trade Company
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei
 for the remaining
            50% equity of Shandong Greenpia. Since September 23
 2010
 Shandong Greenpia was directly owned by both Junan Hongrun and ILH. As a result
 Shandong Greenpia is
            100% owned by the Company. Accordingly
 the Company booked a gain of $383
482
            which is included in the statement of income as other income.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            On February 7
 2014
 American Lorain Corporation
 through its indirect wholly owned subsidiary
 Junan Hongrun entered into two Share Purchase Agreements with Intiraimi
 a limited liability company organized under the laws of France and Biobranco II
 a company organized under Portuguese law
 respectively
 to acquire
            51% of the share capital of Athena Group. On June 30
 2014
 Junan Hongrun officially completed the acquisition and controlled total
            51% shares of Athena Group.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(c)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Business Activities&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company develops
 manufactures
 and sells convenience foods (including ready-to- cook (or RTC) foods; ready-to-eat (or RTE) foods and meals ready-to-eat (or MRE); chestnut products; and frozen foods
 in hundreds of varieties. The Company operates through indirect Chinese and European subsidiaries. The products are sold in domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan
 Korea and Europe.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;2.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(a)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Method of Accounting&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company maintains its general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management. Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and have been consistently applied in the presentation of financial statements
 which are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company regrouped certain accounts in its presentation of changes in assets and liabilities in the statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2014 in order to be consistent with the presentation provided for the year ended December 31
 2013. There was no impact on earnings for the regrouping.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(b)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                The consolidated financial statements which include the Company and its subsidiaries are compiled in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The consolidated financial statements include
                100% of assets
 liabilities
 and net income or loss of those wholly-owned subsidiaries; ownership interests of non- controlling investors are recorded as non-controlling interests.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;As of December 31
 2014
 the detailed identities of the consolidating subsidiaries are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Attributable&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Place of&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;equity interest&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Registered&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Name of Company&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;incorporation&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;%&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;capital&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              50
694
389
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              48
741
549
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              80.2
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              13
177
441
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              4
126
220
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              2
502
240
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              100
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              162
906
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Athena&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              51
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              14
456
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Conserverie Minerve&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              51
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              491
497
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Sojafrais&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              51
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              5
782
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;SCI Siam&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              51
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              882
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;SCI Giu Long&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              51
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              5
782
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Cacovin&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Portugal&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              51
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
              318
027
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(c)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however
 actual results could differ materially from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(d)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(e)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Investment securities&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company classifies securities it holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified as available-for-sale.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Trading and available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;A impairment is charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted over the life of the related available- for-sale security as an adjustment to yield using the effective-interest method. Dividend and interest income are recognized when earned.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(f)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Trade receivables are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(g)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Inventories consisting of finished goods and raw materials are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(h)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Customer deposits and advances to suppliers&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Customer deposits were received from customers in connection with orders of products to be delivered in future periods.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Advance to suppliers is a good faith deposit paid to the supplier for the purpose of committing the supplier to provide product promptly upon delivery of the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order for raw materials
 supplies
 equipment
 building materials
 and other items necessary for our operations. Pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s arrangements with its suppliers
 this deposit is generally
                20% of the total amount contracted for. This type of transaction is classified as a prepayment under the account name &amp;#8220;Advance to Suppliers&amp;#8221; until such time as the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order is delivered
 at which point this account is reduced by reclassification of the applicable amount to the appropriate asset account such as inventory or fixed assets or construction in progress.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(i)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method with a salvage value of
                10%. Estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=50%&gt;
              20
              -
              40
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=50%&gt;
              30
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=50%&gt;
              1
              -
              10
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=50%&gt;
              10
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=50%&gt;
              5
              years
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the statement of income.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to income as incurred
 whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(j)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Construction in progress represents direct and indirect construction or acquisition costs. The construction in progress is transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until the asset is completed and ready for intended use.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(k)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Land Use Rights&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over
                40
                -
                50
                years.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(l)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The long-lived assets held by the Company are reviewed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Subtopic 360-10-35
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
&amp;#8221; for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Impairment is present if carrying amount of an asset is less than its undiscounted cash flows to be generated.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;If an asset is considered impaired
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.The Company believes no impairment has occurred to its assets during 2014 and 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(m)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Advertising&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All advertising costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(n)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Shipping and handling&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All shipping and handling are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(o)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Research and development&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All research and development costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(p)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Retirement benefits&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Retirement benefits in the form of contributions under defined contribution retirement plans to the relevant authorities are charged to the consolidated statement of income as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(q)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Income taxes&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company accounts for income tax using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company has implemented ASC Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; Income tax liabilities computed according to the United States
 People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (PRC)
 and France tax laws are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to differences between the basis of fixed assets and intangible assets for financial and tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future income taxes. A valuation allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize that tax benefit
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Effective January 1
 2008
 PRC government implemented a new
                25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard
                25% tax rate
 tax holidays terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises that were already participating in tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until they had been fully utilized.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                The standard corporate income tax in France is
                33.33% except for a small or new business
 which may benefit from lower rates. In addition
 a
                3.3% of social surcharge is charged to the Company&amp;#8217;s French subsidiaries if the standard corporate income tax liability exceeds EUR763
000. Furthermore
 a
                10.7% temporary surtax applies when a company&amp;#8217;s turnover exceeds EUR250
                million.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company is subject to United States Tax according to Internal Revenue Code Sections 951 and 957. Corporate income tax is imposed at progressive rates in the range of: -&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center colspan=9 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
              &amp;#160;&amp;#160;
              &lt;b&gt;Taxable Income&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Rate&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=18%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Over&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=18%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;But Not Over&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=18%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Of Amount Over&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              15%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              0
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              50
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              0
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              50
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              75
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              50
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              34%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              75
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              100
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              75
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              39%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              100
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              335
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              100
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              34%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              335
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              10
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              335
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              35%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              10
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              15
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              10
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              38%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              15
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              18
333
333
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              15
000
000
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              35%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              18
333
333
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(r)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Statutory reserves&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. The Company transferred $4
642
404
                and $1
474
019
                from retained earnings to statutory reserves for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit
 must appropriate
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
                10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
                50% of the enterprise&amp;#8217;s PRC registered capital.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(s)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The accompanying financial statements are presented in United States dollars. The functional currencies of the Company are the Renminbi (RMB) and the Euro (EUR). The financial statements are translated into United States dollars from RMB and EUR at year- end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities and average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year end RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6.1385
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6.1104
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Annual average RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6.1432
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              6.1905
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year-end EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              0.8826
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              0.7263
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Annual average EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              0.7773
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              0.7532
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the rates used in translation.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(t)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company's revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectability is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company's revenue consists of invoiced value of goods
 net of a value-added tax (VAT). The Company allows its customers to return products if they are defective. However
 this rarely happens and amounts returned have been de minimis.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(u)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding and potential dilutive securities during the year. During the period ended December 31
 2014
 no warrants were issued nor were options granted. For the year ended December 31
 2010
                81
155
                warrants were issued to certain service providers. For the year ended December 31
 2009
                1
334
573
                stock options were granted to employees pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s equity incentive plan;
                2
255
024
                warrants were issued to investors in connection with a PIPE financing. These warrants and options could be potentially dilutive if the market price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock exceeds the exercise price for these securities.
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company computes earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128
 &amp;#8220;Earnings per share&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;SFAS No. 128&amp;#8221;)
 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#8220;SAB 98&amp;#8221;). SFAS No. 128 requires companies with complex capital structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g.
 convertible securities
 options
 and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented
 or issuance date
 if later. Potential common shares that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e.
 those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(v)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&amp;#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments
&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;br/&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&amp;#8221; and ASC 815.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company did not identify any assets and liabilities whose carrying amounts were required to be adjusted in order to present them at fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(w)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(x)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive income&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Comprehensive income is defined to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Among other disclosures
 all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Company&amp;#8217;s current component of other comprehensive income includes the foreign currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or loss.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company uses FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&amp;#8217; equity
 except the changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders. Comprehensive income for the periods ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 included net income and foreign currency translation adjustments.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(y)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable assets acquired in a business combination. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 350
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
 goodwill is no longer subject to amortization. Rather
 goodwill is subject to at least an annual assessment for impairment
 applying a fair-value based test. Fair value is generally determined using a discounted cash flow analysis.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;(z)&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08
 &amp;#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360) - Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.&amp;#8221; Some stakeholders told FASB that too many disposals of small groups of assets that are recurring in nature qualify for discontinued operations presentation under Subtopic 205- 20
 Presentation of Financial Statements&amp;#8212;Discontinued Operations. That results in financial statements that are less useful for users. Other stakeholders noted that some of the guidance on reporting discontinued operations results in higher costs for preparers because it can be complex and difficult to apply. The amendments in this Update address those issues by changing the criteria for reporting discontinued operations and enhancing convergence of the FASB&amp;#8217;s and the International Accounting Standard Board&amp;#8217;s (IASB) reporting requirements for discontinued operations. The amendment should apply to all disposals (or classifications as held for sale) of components of an entity that occur within annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those years.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
 &amp;#8220;Compensation&amp;#8212;Stock Compensation (Topic 718) - Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.&amp;#8221; Entities commonly issue share-based payment awards that require a specific performance target to be achieved in order for employees to become eligible to vest in the awards. Examples of performance targets include an entity attaining a specified profitability metric or selling shares in an initial public offering. Generally
 an award with a performance target also requires an employee to render service until the performance target is achieved. In some cases
 however
 the terms of an award may provide that the performance target could be achieved after an employee completes the requisite service period. That is
 the employee would be eligible to vest in the award regardless of whether the employee is rendering service on the date the performance target is achieved.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Current U.S. generally accepted accounting principles do not contain explicit guidance on how to account for those share-based payments. Many reporting entities account for performance targets that could be achieved after the requisite service period as performance conditions that affect the vesting of the award and
 therefore
 do not reflect the performance target in the estimate of the grant-date fair value of the award. Other reporting entities treat those performance targets as nonvesting conditions that affect the grant-date fair value of the award. This Update is intended to resolve the diverse accounting treatment of those awards in practice.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;For all entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted.&lt;/p&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In August 2014
 The FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 &amp;#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements&amp;#8212;Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&amp;#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASU 2014-15&amp;#8221;). The Update provides U.S. GAAP guidance on management&amp;#8217;s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period
 management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued and to provide related footnote disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The amendments are effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Early application is permitted for annual or interim reporting periods for which the financial statements have not previously been issued. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a significant effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          In January 2015
 The FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01
 &amp;#8220;Income Statement&amp;#8212;Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20)&amp;#8221;.This Update eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. Subtopic 225-20
 Income Statement&amp;#8212;Extraordinary and Unusual Items
 required that an entity separately classify
 present
 and disclose extraordinary events and transactions. Presently
 an event or transaction is presumed to be an ordinary and usual activity of the reporting entity unless evidence clearly supports its classification as an extraordinary item. Paragraph 225-20-45-2 contains the following criteria that must both be met for extraordinary classification:
          &lt;br/&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          1. Unusual nature. The underlying event or transaction should possess a high degree of abnormality and be of a type clearly unrelated to
 or only incidentally related to
 the ordinary and typical activities of the entity
          &lt;br/&gt;
          taking into account the environment in which the entity operates.
          &lt;br/&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          2. Infrequency of occurrence. The underlying event or transaction should be of a type that would not reasonably be expected to recur in the foreseeable future
 taking into account the environment in which the entity operates.
          &lt;br/&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          If an event or transaction meets the criteria for extraordinary classification
 an entity is required to segregate the extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations and show the item separately in the income statement
 net of tax
after income from continuing operations. The entity also is required to disclose applicable income taxes and either present or disclose earnings-per-share data applicable to the extraordinary item.
          &lt;br/&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other entities.
          &lt;br/&gt;
          &lt;br/&gt;
          The Company has adopted ASU No. 2015-01 prospectively and has applied it to the presentation of the financial statements.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of December 31
 2014


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(a)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Method of Accounting&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company maintains its general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management. Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and have been consistently applied in the presentation of financial statements
 which are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company regrouped certain accounts in its presentation of changes in assets and liabilities in the statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2014 in order to be consistent with the presentation provided for the year ended December 31
 2013. There was no impact on earnings for the regrouping.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(b)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            The consolidated financial statements which include the Company and its subsidiaries are compiled in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The consolidated financial statements include
            100% of assets
 liabilities
 and net income or loss of those wholly-owned subsidiaries; ownership interests of non- controlling investors are recorded as non-controlling interests.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;As of December 31
 2014
 the detailed identities of the consolidating subsidiaries are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Attributable&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Place of&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;equity interest&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Registered&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Name of Company&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;incorporation&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;%&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;capital&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          50
694
389
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          48
741
549
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          80.2
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          13
177
441
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          4
126
220
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          2
502
240
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          100
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          162
906
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Athena&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          51
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          14
456
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Conserverie Minerve&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          51
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          491
497
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Sojafrais&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          51
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          5
782
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;SCI Siam&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          51
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          882
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;SCI Giu Long&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          51
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          5
782
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Cacovin&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;Portugal&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          51
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
          318
027
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(c)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however
 actual results could differ materially from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(d)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(e)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Investment securities&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company classifies securities it holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified as available-for-sale.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Trading and available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;A impairment is charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(f)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Trade receivables are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(g)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Inventories consisting of finished goods and raw materials are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(h)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Customer deposits and advances to suppliers&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Customer deposits were received from customers in connection with orders of products to be delivered in future periods.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Advance to suppliers is a good faith deposit paid to the supplier for the purpose of committing the supplier to provide product promptly upon delivery of the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order for raw materials
 supplies
 equipment
 building materials
 and other items necessary for our operations. Pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s arrangements with its suppliers
 this deposit is generally
            20% of the total amount contracted for. This type of transaction is classified as a prepayment under the account name &amp;#8220;Advance to Suppliers&amp;#8221; until such time as the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase order is delivered
 at which point this account is reduced by reclassification of the applicable amount to the appropriate asset account such as inventory or fixed assets or construction in progress.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(i)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method with a salvage value of
            10%. Estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=50%&gt;
          20
          -
          40
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=50%&gt;
          30
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=50%&gt;
          1
          -
          10
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=50%&gt;
          10
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=50%&gt;
          5
          years
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(j)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Construction in progress represents direct and indirect construction or acquisition costs. The construction in progress is transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until the asset is completed and ready for intended use.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(k)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Land Use Rights&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over
            40
            -
            50
            years.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(l)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The long-lived assets held by the Company are reviewed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Subtopic 360-10-35
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
&amp;#8221; for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Impairment is present if carrying amount of an asset is less than its undiscounted cash flows to be generated.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;If an asset is considered impaired
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.The Company believes no impairment has occurred to its assets during 2014 and 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(m)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Advertising&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All advertising costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(n)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Shipping and handling&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All shipping and handling are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(o)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Research and development&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All research and development costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(p)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Retirement benefits&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Retirement benefits in the form of contributions under defined contribution retirement plans to the relevant authorities are charged to the consolidated statement of income as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(q)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Income taxes&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company accounts for income tax using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company has implemented ASC Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; Income tax liabilities computed according to the United States
 People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (PRC)
 and France tax laws are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to differences between the basis of fixed assets and intangible assets for financial and tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future income taxes. A valuation allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize that tax benefit
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Effective January 1
 2008
 PRC government implemented a new
            25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard
            25% tax rate
 tax holidays terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises that were already participating in tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until they had been fully utilized.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            The standard corporate income tax in France is
            33.33% except for a small or new business
 which may benefit from lower rates. In addition
 a
            3.3% of social surcharge is charged to the Company&amp;#8217;s French subsidiaries if the standard corporate income tax liability exceeds EUR763
000. Furthermore
 a
            10.7% temporary surtax applies when a company&amp;#8217;s turnover exceeds EUR250
            million.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company is subject to United States Tax according to Internal Revenue Code Sections 951 and 957. Corporate income tax is imposed at progressive rates in the range of: -&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center colspan=9 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          &amp;#160;&amp;#160;
          &lt;b&gt;Taxable Income&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Rate&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=18%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Over&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=18%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;But Not Over&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=18%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Of Amount Over&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          15%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          0
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          50
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          0
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          50
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          75
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          50
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          34%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          75
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          100
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          75
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          39%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          100
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          335
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          100
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          34%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          335
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          10
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          335
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          35%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          10
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          15
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          10
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          38%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          15
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          18
333
333
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          15
000
000
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          35%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          18
333
333
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=17%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(r)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Statutory reserves&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. The Company transferred $4
642
404
            and $1
474
019
            from retained earnings to statutory reserves for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit
 must appropriate
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
            10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
            50% of the enterprise&amp;#8217;s PRC registered capital.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(s)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The accompanying financial statements are presented in United States dollars. The functional currencies of the Company are the Renminbi (RMB) and the Euro (EUR). The financial statements are translated into United States dollars from RMB and EUR at year- end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities and average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year end RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6.1385
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6.1104
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Annual average RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6.1432
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          6.1905
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year-end EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          0.8826
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          0.7263
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Annual average EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          0.7773
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          0.7532
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been
 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the rates used in translation.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(t)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company's revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectability is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(u)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding and potential dilutive securities during the year. During the period ended December 31
 2014
 no warrants were issued nor were options granted. For the year ended December 31
 2010
            81
155
            warrants were issued to certain service providers. For the year ended December 31
 2009
            1
334
573
            stock options were granted to employees pursuant to the Company&amp;#8217;s equity incentive plan;
            2
255
024
            warrants were issued to investors in connection with a PIPE financing. These warrants and options could be potentially dilutive if the market price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock exceeds the exercise price for these securities.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company computes earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128
 &amp;#8220;Earnings per share&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;SFAS No. 128&amp;#8221;)
 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&amp;#8220;SAB 98&amp;#8221;). SFAS No. 128 requires companies with complex capital structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g.
 convertible securities
 options
 and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented
 or issuance date
 if later. Potential common shares that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e.
 those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(v)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&amp;#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments
&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(w)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(x)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive income&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Comprehensive income is defined to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Among other disclosures
 all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Company&amp;#8217;s current component of other comprehensive income includes the foreign currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or loss.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company uses FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&amp;#8217; equity
 except the changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders. Comprehensive income for the periods ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 included net income and foreign currency translation adjustments.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(y)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable assets acquired in a business combination. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 350
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
 goodwill is no longer subject to amortization. Rather
 goodwill is subject to at least an annual assessment for impairment
 applying a fair-value based test. Fair value is generally determined using a discounted cash flow analysis.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;(z)&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08
 &amp;#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360) - Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.&amp;#8221; Some stakeholders told FASB that too many disposals of small groups of assets that are recurring in nature qualify for discontinued operations presentation under Subtopic 205- 20
 Presentation of Financial Statements&amp;#8212;Discontinued Operations. That results in financial statements that are less useful for users. Other stakeholders noted that some of the guidance on reporting discontinued operations results in higher costs for preparers because it can be complex and difficult to apply. The amendments in this Update address those issues by changing the criteria for reporting discontinued operations and enhancing convergence of the FASB&amp;#8217;s and the International Accounting Standard Board&amp;#8217;s (IASB) reporting requirements for discontinued operations. The amendment should apply to all disposals (or classifications as held for sale) of components of an entity that occur within annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those years.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
 &amp;#8220;Compensation&amp;#8212;Stock Compensation (Topic 718) - Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.&amp;#8221; Entities commonly issue share-based payment awards that require a specific performance target to be achieved in order for employees to become eligible to vest in the awards. Examples of performance targets include an entity attaining a specified profitability metric or selling shares in an initial public offering. Generally
 an award with a performance target also requires an employee to render service until the performance target is achieved. In some cases
 however
 the terms of an award may provide that the performance target could be achieved after an employee completes the requisite service period. That is
 the employee would be eligible to vest in the award regardless of whether the employee is rendering service on the date the performance target is achieved.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Current U.S. generally accepted accounting principles do not contain explicit guidance on how to account for those share-based payments. Many reporting entities account for performance targets that could be achieved after the requisite service period as performance conditions that affect the vesting of the award and
 therefore
 do not reflect the performance target in the estimate of the grant-date fair value of the award. Other reporting entities treat those performance targets as nonvesting conditions that affect the grant-date fair value of the award. This Update is intended to resolve the diverse accounting treatment of those awards in practice.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;For all entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;RESTRICTED CASH&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              Restricted Cash represents interest bearing deposits placed with banks to secure banking facilities in the form of loans and notes payable. The restriction of funds is based on time. The funds that collateralize loans are held for
              60
              days in a savings account that pays interest at the prescribed national daily savings account rate. For funds that under lie notes payable
 the cash is deposited in six month time deposits that pay interest at the national time deposit rate.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  

			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td&gt;
					&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
						&lt;b&gt;TRADE ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;
		&lt;br /&gt;
							&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							Trade accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							64
726
091&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							54
511
350&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/i&gt; &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt; Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(5
919
625&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(439
875&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							58
806
466&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160; &lt;u&gt; 54
071
475 &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;/table&gt;
		&lt;br /&gt;
							&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom&gt;
							Allowance for bad debt:&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							Beginning balance&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(439
875&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(443
898&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							Additions to allowance&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(5
479
750&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom&gt;
							Bad debt written-off&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							4
023&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							Ending balance&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(5
919
625&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(439
875&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
				&lt;/table&gt;
		&lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
			The Company offers credit terms of between 30 to 60 days to most of their domestic customers
 including supermarkets and wholesalers
 around 90 days to most of their international customers


    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        64
726
091
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        54
511
350
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
        Allowance for doubtful accounts
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (5
919
625
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (439
875
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        58
806
466
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &amp;#160;
        &lt;u&gt;
          54
071
475
        &lt;/u&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom&gt;Allowance for bad debt:&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (439
875
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (443
898
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Additions to allowance&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (5
479
750
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom&gt;Bad debt written-off&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        4
023
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=background-color: rgb(238, 238, 238); valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Ending balance&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (5
919
625
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (439
875
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;OTHER RECEIVABLES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other receivables consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Advances to employees for job/travel disbursements&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
623
067
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              637
808
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Amount due by a non-related enterprise&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              162
907
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              163
656
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other non-related receivables&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              580
634
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              333
411
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Other related party receivables&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
420
548
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              149
350
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Short-term investment sale receivable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
413
795
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Vendor rebate receivable&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
767
267
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              8
183
485
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              5
698
020
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Advances to employees for job/travel disbursements consisted of advances to employees for transportation
 meals
 client entertainment
 commissions
 and procurement of certain raw materials. The advances issued to employees may be carried for extended periods of time because employees may spend several months out in the field working to procure new sales contracts or fulfill existing contracts.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Specifically
 the company uses every available employee to arrange purchases with desirable chestnut or other raw material growers. However
 because many of these growers are in rural farming areas of China where traditional banking and credit arrangements are difficult to implement
 the Company must utilize cash purchases and also must contract for its future needs by placing a good faith deposit in cash with the growers. However none of these advances to employees for delivery to the growers on behalf of the Company are &amp;#8220;personal loans&amp;#8221; to the employees. Advances to employees for purchase of materials in other receivables are adjusted to advances to suppliers as of December 31
 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Related party receivable represented advances issued by management for job or travel disbursement in the normal course of business. The receivable had no impact on earnings. As with other employees
 officers sign notes when cash is issued to them as job or travel disbursement. In order to satisfy certain criteria for obtaining the long-term loan with DEG
 as noted in footnote
      12
 Junan Hongrun lent money to Mr. You
 Huadong to purchase life insurance. Related party receivable amounts are disclosed as &amp;#8220;other related party receivables&amp;#8221; in other receivables.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In September 2010
 Shandong Lorain and Junan Hengji Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (Junan Hengji) entered into a cooperative development agreement (the Agreement)
 and in March 2011
 Jiangsu Heng An Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. (Heng An Investment)
 an affiliated company of Junan Hengji also entered into the Agreement with Shandong Lorain to jointly develop the project with Junan Hengji. Pursuant to the Agreement
 Shandong Lorain agreed to sell the Company&amp;#8217;s interest in the amount of $7
764
577
      (RMB49
604
000) in a parcel of land located in Junan Town
 Shandong Province
 to construct residential buildings by Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. The land was sold to Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment for a total sales price of RMB69
604
000
      and a guaranteed gross profit of RMB20
000
000
      without consideration of the profit or loss of the residential building project.
      &lt;br/&gt;
      &lt;br/&gt;
      As of December 31
 2014
 a total of RMB42
029
955
      has been received and there was an unpaid balance of RMB27
574
045. The Company filed litigation against Junan Hengji in 2013 and Heng An Investment in 2014 for a claim of RMB10
000
000
 which is half of the original guaranteed profit of RMB20
000
000. The Company evaluated the potential claims against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. Junan Hengji is obligated to pay out of pocket expenses as well as the litigation fee that is required to be paid to the court based upon the amount claimed for disputes between the parties. Shandong Lorain decided to file the lawsuit with the Linyi City Intermediate People's Court to claim a fixed return of RMB10
      million (approximately $1
612
903). The balance of the claim was deemed to be uncollectable and was written off as a loss. As of December 31
 2014
 RMB10
000
000
      (USD1
629
062) is due and payable to the Company.


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Advances to employees for job/travel disbursements&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
623
067
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          637
808
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Amount due by a non-related enterprise&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          162
907
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          163
656
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other non-related receivables&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          580
634
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          333
411
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Other related party receivables&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
420
548
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          149
350
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Short-term investment sale receivable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
413
795
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Vendor rebate receivable&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
767
267
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          8
183
485
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          5
698
020
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Inventories consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                28
557
607
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                26
262
278
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                23
090
553
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                15
687
975
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                51
648
160
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                41
950
253
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            28
557
607
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            26
262
278
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            23
090
553
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            15
687
975
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            51
648
160
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            41
950
253
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                87
751
232
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                81
325
426
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Land&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                232
946
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                10
923
768
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                10
974
003
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                21
853
334
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                12
837
463
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
095
590
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                681
060
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                654
324
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                582
128
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                122
511
194
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                106
400
080
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
                Accumulated depreciation
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (14
479
949
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (7
975
238
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (402
153
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (3
081
369
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (13
181
519
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (6
916
526
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (1
252
846
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (524
931
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (427
197
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (340
675
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (33
362
664
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (18
838
739
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                89
148
530
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                87
561
341
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Landscaping
 plants
 and trees accounts for the orchards that the Company has developed for agricultural operations. These orchards as well as the young trees which were purchased as nursery stock are capitalized into fixed assets. The depreciation is then calculated on a
      30
      -year straight-line method when production in commercial quantities begins. The orchards have begun production in small quantities and the Company has accounted for depreciation commencing July 1
 2010. In 2014 and 2013
 the Company leased three greenhouses to grow seasonal crops in order to lower cost. Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $4
907
651
      and $4
226
873
 respectively.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            87
751
232
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            81
325
426
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Land&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            232
946
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            10
923
768
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            10
974
003
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            21
853
334
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            12
837
463
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
095
590
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            681
060
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            654
324
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            582
128
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            122
511
194
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            106
400
080
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
            Accumulated depreciation
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (14
479
949
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (7
975
238
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (402
153
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (3
081
369
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (13
181
519
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (6
916
526
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (1
252
846
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (524
931
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (427
197
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (340
675
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (33
362
664
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (18
838
739
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            89
148
530
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            87
561
341
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Intangible assets consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                Land use rights
                &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                17
520
374
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                17
600
945
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                Utilities rights
                &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                50
676
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                50
909
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                Software
                &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                451
863
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                59
496
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                Patent
                &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
581
891
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
543
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
604
804
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                17
712
893
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
                Accumulated amortization
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (2
066
936
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (1
305
350
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                17
537
868
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
407
543
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      All land are owned by the government in China. Land use rights represent the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase of usage rights for a parcel of land for a specified duration of time
 typically
      50
      years. Amortization expense for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $603
682
      and $301
079
 respectively.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            Land use rights
            &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            17
520
374
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            17
600
945
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            Utilities rights
            &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            50
676
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            50
909
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            Software
            &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            451
863
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            59
496
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            Patent
            &lt;i&gt;at cost&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
581
891
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
543
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
604
804
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            17
712
893
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
            Accumulated amortization
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (2
066
936
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (1
305
350
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            17
537
868
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
407
543
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;BANK LOANS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Bank loans include bank overdrafts
 short-term bank loans
 and current portion of long- term loan
 which consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Bank Overdrafts&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;CIC Lorient Enterprises
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                EURIBOR+1.70%
              &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;em&gt;
                3
              &lt;/em&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              380
106
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                EURIBOR+1.70%
              &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;em&gt;
                3
              &lt;/em&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              214
146
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                EURIBOR+1.70%
              &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;em&gt;
                3
              &lt;/em&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              105
508
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                EURIBOR+1.70%
              &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;em&gt;
                3
              &lt;/em&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              285
621
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Banque Tarneud
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                EURIBOR+1.70%
              &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;em&gt;
                3
              &lt;/em&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              548
537
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;BPI France
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                EURIBOR+1.70%
              &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;em&gt;
                3
              &lt;/em&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              1
151
975
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;HSBC
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                EURIBOR+1.70%
              &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;em&gt;
                3
              &lt;/em&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              22
963
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;GE
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                EURIBOR+1.70%
              &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;em&gt;
                3
              &lt;/em&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              2
043
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;BES

&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                EURIBOR+1.70%
              &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;em&gt;
                3
              &lt;/em&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              263
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Banco Portugues de Negocios&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              1
864
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Banco Espirito Santo&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              3
951
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              2
716
977
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Bank overdrafts are collateralized by inventory.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Short-term Bank Loans&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loan from Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.3% per annum; due 2/21/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
091
386
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              5.88% per annum; due 1/8/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
145
588
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              5.88% per annum; due 4/15/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
129
222
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              5.88% per annum; due 4/23/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
088
308
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.28% per annum; due 3/4/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
466
156
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.125% per annum; due 3/27/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              4
072
656
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              1.74% per annum; due 4/10/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              387
652
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              1.74% per annum; due 4/24/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              895
884
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.28% per annum; due 6/5/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
010
019
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.50% per annum; due 10/14/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              977
437
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.20% per annum; due 11/2/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.72% per annum; due 12/1/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loan from Linyi Commercial Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              1.512% per annum due 1/9/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              1.26% per annum due 1/10/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
472
899
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
 Linyi&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;em&gt;Branch&lt;/em&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.8% per annum due 2/26/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
454
831
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.8% per annum due 1/17/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.8% per annum due 2/26/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              814
531
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
 Junan Branch&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.8% per annum due 8/14/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
 Luotian&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;em&gt;Branch&lt;/em&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.8% per annum due 8/20/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.8% per annum due 9/3/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.8% per annum due 8/25/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
117
781
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.28% per annum due 3/24/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;China Agricultural Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.0% per annum due 1/3/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              654
622
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.0% per annum due 1/7/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              733
078
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              818
277
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.0% per annum due 9/1/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              814
531
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Bank of Beijing
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.2% per annum due 6/19/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
309
243
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              9.360% per annum due 1/21/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              162
906
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Beijing International Trust Co.
 Ltd.
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.00% per annum due 9/23/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Bank of Ningbo 
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.20% per annum due 9/25/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.80% per annum due 10/26/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Hankou Bank
 Guanggu Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.60% per annum due 9/12/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.95% per annum due 8/24/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Agricultural Bank of China
 Shandong Branch&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.2% per annum due 8/22/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Ping An Bank
 Jinan Branch&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.72% per annum due 1/3/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
145
588
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.8% per annum due 8/25/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
117
781
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.28% per annum due 3/24/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;China Agricultural Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.0% per annum due 1/3/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              654
622
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.0% per annum due 1/7/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              733
078
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              818
277
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.0% per annum due 9/1/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              814
531
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Bank of Beijing
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.2% per annum due 6/19/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
309
243
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              9.360% per annum due 1/21/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              162
906
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Beijing International Trust Co.
 Ltd.
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.00% per annum due 9/23/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Bank of Ningbo 
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.20% per annum due 9/25/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.80% per annum due 10/26/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Hankou Bank
 Guanggu Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.60% per annum due 9/12/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.95% per annum due 8/24/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Agricultural Bank of China
 Shandong Branch&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.2% per annum due 8/22/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
636
554
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Ping An Bank
 Jinan Branch&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.72% per annum due 1/3/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
145
588
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.72% per annum due 5/2/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              818
277
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Luzhen Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              10.40% per annum due 2/27/2014
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              490
966
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Bank of Rizhao
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.80% per annum due 1/17/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;China Construction Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;Variable Interest rate
 due 4/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              801
912
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;Variable Interest rate
 due 4/30/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              523
697
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.16% per annum due 2/25/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              814
531
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.60% per annum due 4/15/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              798
241
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.60% per annum due 5/11/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              521
300
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              6.60% per annum due 11/27/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              814
531
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Huaxia Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              7.8% per annum due 5/19/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
629
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Bank of China
 Paris Branch&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              2.50% per annum due 3/5/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
622
666
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              2.50% per annum due 3/5/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              2
954
048
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              37
639
506
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              29
400
694
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The short-term loans
 which are denominated in the functional currencies Renminbi (RMB) and Euros
 were primarily obtained for general working capital. If not otherwise indicated in the below remarks
 short-term loans are guaranteed by either companies within the group or personnel who hold a management role within the group.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Current portions of long-term debt consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;BNP Paribas
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              3.80% per annum due 3/14/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              21
284
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              3.00% per annum due 7/15/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              16
355
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              73
082
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;CIC Lorient Enterprises
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              2.98% per annum due 12/20/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              27
791
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              108
864
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              108
864
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              1.85% per annum due 1/25/2017
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              42
947
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              108
864
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Banque Tarneud
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              3.28% per annum due 10/30/2014*
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              135
624
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              2.90% per annum due 4/30/2015
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              72
818
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;BPI France
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              3.42% per annum due 12/20/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              547
046
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
              Interest rate at
              2.90% per annum due 5/15/2016
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25
078
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              1
288
617
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Bank Overdrafts&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;CIC Lorient Enterprises
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            EURIBOR+1.70%
          &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;em&gt;
            3
          &lt;/em&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          380
106
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            EURIBOR+1.70%
          &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;em&gt;
            3
          &lt;/em&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          214
146
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            EURIBOR+1.70%
          &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;em&gt;
            3
          &lt;/em&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          105
508
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            EURIBOR+1.70%
          &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;em&gt;
            3
          &lt;/em&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          285
621
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Banque Tarneud
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            EURIBOR+1.70%
          &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;em&gt;
            3
          &lt;/em&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          548
537
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;BPI France
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            EURIBOR+1.70%
          &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;em&gt;
            3
          &lt;/em&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          1
151
975
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;HSBC
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            EURIBOR+1.70%
          &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;em&gt;
            3
          &lt;/em&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          22
963
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;GE
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            EURIBOR+1.70%
          &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;em&gt;
            3
          &lt;/em&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          2
043
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;BES

&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Interest rate of&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            EURIBOR+1.70%
          &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;due within&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;em&gt;
            3
          &lt;/em&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;months&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          263
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Banco Portugues de Negocios&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          1
864
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Banco Espirito Santo&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          3
951
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          2
716
977
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Short-term Bank Loans&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loan from Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.3% per annum; due 2/21/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
091
386
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          5.88% per annum; due 1/8/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
145
588
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          5.88% per annum; due 4/15/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
129
222
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          5.88% per annum; due 4/23/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
088
308
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.28% per annum; due 3/4/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
466
156
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.125% per annum; due 3/27/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          4
072
656
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          1.74% per annum; due 4/10/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          387
652
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          1.74% per annum; due 4/24/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          895
884
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.28% per annum; due 6/5/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
010
019
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.50% per annum; due 10/14/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          977
437
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.20% per annum; due 11/2/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.72% per annum; due 12/1/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loan from Linyi Commercial Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          1.512% per annum due 1/9/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          1.26% per annum due 1/10/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
472
899
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
 Linyi&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;em&gt;Branch&lt;/em&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.8% per annum due 2/26/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
454
831
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.8% per annum due 1/17/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.8% per annum due 2/26/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          814
531
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
 Junan Branch&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.8% per annum due 8/14/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
 Luotian&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;em&gt;Branch&lt;/em&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.8% per annum due 8/20/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.8% per annum due 9/3/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.8% per annum due 8/25/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
117
781
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.28% per annum due 3/24/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;China Agricultural Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.0% per annum due 1/3/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          654
622
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.0% per annum due 1/7/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          733
078
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          818
277
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.0% per annum due 9/1/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          814
531
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Bank of Beijing
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.2% per annum due 6/19/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
309
243
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          9.360% per annum due 1/21/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          162
906
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Beijing International Trust Co.
 Ltd.
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.00% per annum due 9/23/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Bank of Ningbo 
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.20% per annum due 9/25/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.80% per annum due 10/26/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Hankou Bank
 Guanggu Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.60% per annum due 9/12/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.95% per annum due 8/24/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Agricultural Bank of China
 Shandong Branch&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.2% per annum due 8/22/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Ping An Bank
 Jinan Branch&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.72% per annum due 1/3/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
145
588
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.8% per annum due 8/25/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
117
781
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.28% per annum due 3/24/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;China Agricultural Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.0% per annum due 1/3/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          654
622
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.0% per annum due 1/7/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          733
078
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          818
277
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.0% per annum due 9/1/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          814
531
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Bank of Beijing
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.2% per annum due 6/19/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
309
243
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          9.360% per annum due 1/21/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          162
906
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Beijing International Trust Co.
 Ltd.
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.00% per annum due 9/23/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Bank of Ningbo 
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.20% per annum due 9/25/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.80% per annum due 10/26/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Hankou Bank
 Guanggu Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.60% per annum due 9/12/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.95% per annum due 8/24/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Agricultural Bank of China
 Shandong Branch&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.2% per annum due 8/22/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
636
554
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Ping An Bank
 Jinan Branch&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.72% per annum due 1/3/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
145
588
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.72% per annum due 5/2/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          818
277
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Luzhen Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          10.40% per annum due 2/27/2014
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          490
966
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Bank of Rizhao
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.80% per annum due 1/17/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;China Construction Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;Variable Interest rate
 due 4/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          801
912
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;Variable Interest rate
 due 4/30/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          523
697
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.16% per annum due 2/25/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          814
531
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.60% per annum due 4/15/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          798
241
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.60% per annum due 5/11/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          521
300
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          6.60% per annum due 11/27/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          814
531
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Huaxia Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          7.8% per annum due 5/19/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
629
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Bank of China
 Paris Branch&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          2.50% per annum due 3/5/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
622
666
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=64%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          2.50% per annum due 3/5/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          2
954
048
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=64%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          37
639
506
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          29
400
694
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;BNP Paribas
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          3.80% per annum due 3/14/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          21
284
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          3.00% per annum due 7/15/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          16
355
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          73
082
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;CIC Lorient Enterprises
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          2.98% per annum due 12/20/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          27
791
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          108
864
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          108
864
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          1.85% per annum due 1/25/2017
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          42
947
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          108
864
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Banque Tarneud
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          3.28% per annum due 10/30/2014*
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          135
624
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          2.90% per annum due 4/30/2015
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          72
818
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;BPI France
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          3.42% per annum due 12/20/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          547
046
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
          Interest rate at
          2.90% per annum due 5/15/2016
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25
078
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          1
288
617
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;CURRENT PORTION &amp;#8211; LONG TERM DEBT&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Current portions of notes payable and debentures consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Note payable issued by Shanghai Pudong&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                5.9% per annum due 12/28/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                13
032
500
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                13
032
500
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Current portions of long-term debt consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loans from China Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                7.07% per annum due 5/20/2014
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                981
933
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                7.07% per annum due 11/20/2014
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                981
932
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                7.07% per annum due 5/20/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
140
344
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                7.07% per annum due 9/24/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
303
250
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 3/15/2014
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 9/15/2014
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 3/15/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 9/15/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6
193
594
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
713
865
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
226
094
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
713
865
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Note payable issued by Shanghai Pudong&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            5.9% per annum due 12/28/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            13
032
500
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            13
032
500
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loans from China Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            7.07% per annum due 5/20/2014
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            981
933
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            7.07% per annum due 11/20/2014
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            981
932
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            7.07% per annum due 5/20/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
140
344
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            7.07% per annum due 9/24/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
303
250
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            5.510% per annum due 3/15/2014
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            5.510% per annum due 9/15/2014
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            5.510% per annum due 3/15/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            5.510% per annum due 9/15/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6
193
594
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
713
865
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
226
094
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
713
865
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;NOTES PAYABLE AND CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Notes Payable consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by Hankou Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                5.55% per annum due 3/24/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
629
062
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by BNP Paribas
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at EURIBOR +
                1.7% per annum due within
                3
                months
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                972
527
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by CIC Lorient Enterprises
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at EURIBOR +
                1.7% per annum due within
                3
                months
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
434
476
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at EURIBOR +
                1.7% per annum due within
                3
                months
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                705
081
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at EURIBOR +
                1.7% per annum due within
                1
                months
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                705
081
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at EURIBOR +
                1.7% per annum due within
                1
                months
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                559
203
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6
005
430
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Notes Payable are guaranteed by third party guarantors.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Convertible Promissory Note consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Note issued by Jade Lane Group Limited&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                4.50% per annum due 3/13/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                3
500
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                3
500
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Under the terms of the Note
 interest on the outstanding Principal Amount accrues at a rate of
      4.5% per annum
 and all accrued but unpaid interest is due and payable on December 31
 2014 and on the last day of each quarter thereafter. If the Note is not converted pursuant to the terms of the Note
 additional interest on the outstanding Principal Amount shall accrue at a rate of
      4.5% per annum and is payable at the maturity of the Note. Unless the Note is otherwise accelerated or converted
 the unpaid Principal Amount of the Note
 together with all accrued but unpaid interest
 is due and payable
 at the election of the Holder
 on September 13
 2014 or March 13
 2015 (&amp;#8220;Maturity Date&amp;#8221;)
 provided
 however
 if Holder fails to notify the Company in writing by August 13
 2014 that it elects the maturity date of September 13
 2014
 then the Maturity Date will be extended to March 13
 2015. The Company did not receive the notification from the Holder to elect the maturity date of December 31
 2014; therefore
 the maturity date will be March 13
 2015.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In addition
 under the terms of the Note
 at any time commencing on or after September 13
 2014 and before March 13
 2015
 the Holder
 at Holder&amp;#8217;s option and upon five (5) days prior written notice to the Company
 may convert in whole or in part the outstanding Principal Amount into a number of shares of Common Stock of the Company (&amp;#8220;Common Stock&amp;#8221;) on a per share conversion price of $1.15
      per share
 as may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Note (&amp;#8220;Conversion Price&amp;#8221;); provided
 however
 the Company will not effect any conversion of the Note
 and the Holder will not have the right to convert any portion of the Note
 to the extent (but only to the extent) that the Holder would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below)
 which beneficial ownership will be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The &amp;#8220;Beneficial Ownership Limitation&amp;#8221; is
      9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Note is secured by the personal guarantee of Si Chen


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by Hankou Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            5.55% per annum due 3/24/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
629
062
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by BNP Paribas
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at EURIBOR +
            1.7% per annum due within
            3
            months
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            972
527
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by CIC Lorient Enterprises
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at EURIBOR +
            1.7% per annum due within
            3
            months
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
434
476
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at EURIBOR +
            1.7% per annum due within
            3
            months
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            705
081
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at EURIBOR +
            1.7% per annum due within
            1
            months
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            705
081
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Notes payable issued by Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at EURIBOR +
            1.7% per annum due within
            1
            months
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            559
203
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6
005
430
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Note issued by Jade Lane Group Limited&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            4.50% per annum due 3/13/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            3
500
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            3
500
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;TAXES PAYABLES&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Taxes payable consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Value added tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
664
596
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                592
341
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Corporate income tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                996
629
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
572
663
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Employee payroll tax withholding&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                442
382
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6
344
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Property tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                55
872
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                73
768
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Stamp tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
478
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
485
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Business tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                158
194
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                158
921
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Land use tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                53
400
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                64
062
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Import tariffs&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                271
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Capital gain tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                947
919
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                952
278
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
320
470
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
422
133
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Value added tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
664
596
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            592
341
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Corporate income tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            996
629
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
572
663
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Employee payroll tax withholding&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            442
382
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6
344
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Property tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            55
872
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            73
768
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Stamp tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
478
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
485
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Business tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            158
194
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            158
921
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Land use tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            53
400
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            64
062
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Import tariffs&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            271
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Capital gain tax payable&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            947
919
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            952
278
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
320
470
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
422
133
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;13.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td&gt;
					&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
						&lt;b&gt;ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER PAYABLE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td width=5%&gt;
					&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td&gt;
					&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td width=5%&gt;
					&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td&gt;
					&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
						Accrued expenses and other payables consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;
		&lt;br /&gt;
							&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							Accrued salaries and wages&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							303
751&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							32
731&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							Accrued utility expenses&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							25
631&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							39
765&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							Accrued interest expenses&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							1
359
472&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							927
986&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							Accrued transportation expenses&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							653
935&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							144
061&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							Other accruals&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							819
775&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							Business and other taxes&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							505
584&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							885
972&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							Disbursement payable&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							108
528&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							Accrued staff welfare&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							376
378&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							285
300&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							4
153
054&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							2
315
815&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;


    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Accrued salaries and wages&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        303
751
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        32
731
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Accrued utility expenses&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        25
631
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        39
765
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Accrued interest expenses&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        1
359
472
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        927
986
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Accrued transportation expenses&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        653
935
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        144
061
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other accruals&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        819
775
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Business and other taxes&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        505
584
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        885
972
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Disbursement payable&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        108
528
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Accrued staff welfare&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        376
378
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        285
300
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        4
153
054
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        2
315
815
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;14.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;LONG-TERM DEBT&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Non-current portions of long-term debt consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 3/15/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
625
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loans from China Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                7.07% per annum due 9/24/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
454
831
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;BNP Paribas
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                105
863
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;CIC Lorient Enterprises
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                104
394
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                104
394
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                1.85% per annum due 1/25/2017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
887
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                104
394
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                2.90% per annum due 5/15/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                10
665
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Banco Portugue de Negocios
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at EURIBOR 3M+spread
                2% per annum due 06/2024
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                337
064
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Banco Espirito Santo&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at EURIBOR 3M+spread
                2% per annum due 06/2024
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                26
926
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
707
587
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                8
079
831
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Company began repaying its loan with DEG in semi-annual installments on September 15
 2012. As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company has repaid $9
375
000
      and $5
625
000
      in principal. The loan was collateralized with the following terms:
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(a.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              Create and register a first ranking mortgage in the amount of about USD12
000
000
              on the Company's land and building in favor of DEG.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(b.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              Undertake to provide a share pledge of Mr. Si Chen
 its majority shareholder
 or shares as the sponsor in the amount of about USD12
000
000
              in form and substance satisfactory to DEG
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(c.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              The total amount of the first ranking mortgage as indicated in the Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a)) and the value of the pledged shares of Mr. Si Chen (Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a))) should be at least USD24
000
000.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(d.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Undertake to provide a guarantee from the Shareholder in form and substance satisfactory to DEG.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Non-current portions of notes payable and debentures consisted of the
      &lt;font style=MARGIN-LEFT: 0%&gt;following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/font&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Note payable issued by Shanghai Pudong&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                5.9% per annum due 12/28/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                13
092
432
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Debenture issued by
                  5
                  private placement holders
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;underwritten by Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                10% per annum due 8/28/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
290
625
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
365
541
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Debenture issued by
                  2
                  private placement holders
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;underwritten by Daiwa SSC Securities Co. Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
                Interest rate at
                9.5% per annum due 11/8/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
290
624
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
365
541
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                32
581
249
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                45
823
514
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            5.510% per annum due 3/15/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
625
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loans from China Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            7.07% per annum due 9/24/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
454
831
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;BNP Paribas
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            105
863
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;CIC Lorient Enterprises
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            104
394
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Credit Agricole
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            104
394
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            1.85% per annum due 1/25/2017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
887
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;LCL Banque et Assurance
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            4.20% per annum due 12/20/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            104
394
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Soci&amp;#233;t&amp;#233; G&amp;#233;n&amp;#233;rale
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            2.90% per annum due 5/15/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            10
665
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Banco Portugue de Negocios
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at EURIBOR 3M+spread
            2% per annum due 06/2024
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            337
064
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Banco Espirito Santo&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at EURIBOR 3M+spread
            2% per annum due 06/2024
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            26
926
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
707
587
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            8
079
831
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Note payable issued by Shanghai Pudong&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Development Bank&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            5.9% per annum due 12/28/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            13
092
432
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Debenture issued by
              5
              private placement holders
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;underwritten by Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            10% per annum due 8/28/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
290
625
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
365
541
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Debenture issued by
              2
              private placement holders
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;underwritten by Daiwa SSC Securities Co. Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=60%&gt;
            Interest rate at
            9.5% per annum due 11/8/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
290
624
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
365
541
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=60%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            32
581
249
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            45
823
514
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;15.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;CAPITALIZATION&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              Dating back to May 3
 2007
 the Company underwent a reverse-merger and a concurrent financing transaction that resulted in
              24
923
178
              shares of outstanding common stock that remained unchanged through December 31
 2007. In connection with the financing
 the Company also issued
              1
037
858
              and
              489
330
              warrants to the PIPE investors and placement agent
 respectively. During 2008
 several holders of warrants issued in connection with the financing transaction exercised their rights to purchase shares at the prescribed exercise price. The holders of the warrants exercised the right to purchase a total of
              360
207
              shares; however
 because the holders did not pay in cash for the warrants
              110
752
              of those shares were cancelled as consideration in lieu of the warrant holders paying in cash. Ultimately
              249
455
              of new shares were issued to those who exercised their warrant. The Company also made an adjustment to its outstanding share count for rounding errors as result of the split and reverse splits made at the time of the reverse merger. The number of shares in the adjustment was an addition of seven shares. The Company believes the adjustment of seven shares is immaterial to both prior and current earnings per share calculation. As detailed in the table below
 the total number of outstanding shares at December 31
 2014 was
              34
916
714.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              During the year 2009
 the Company issued
              56
393
              shares of stock to its employees and vendors and
              5
011
169
              shares to investors. The Company issued
              1
334
573
              stock options to employees on July 28
 2009;
              1
753
909
              shares of Series A warrants and
              501
115
              shares of Series B warrants were issued to investors on October 28
 2009.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              During the year 2010
 the Company issued 2
000 shares to a service provider on February 10
 2010 and
              81
155
              warrants to various service providers on January 5
 2010. The Company issued to investors
              3
440
800
              shares at an agreed price of $2.80
              per share for a PIPE financing on September 10
 2010. This financing brought $8
955
730
              net proceeds to the Company. The Company issued
              5
000
              shares to its employee on September 23
 2010.
              731
707
              shares of restricted stock were issued to the owner of Shandong Greenpia
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei on September 24
 2010 as part of acquisition cost.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the year 2010
 the Company transferred $5
161
176
      from retained earnings to additional paid up capital and $2
445
262
      from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These transfers are to be used for future company development
 recovery of losses and increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand production or operations.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the year 2011
 the Company transferred $2
636
160
      from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These transfers are to be used for future company development
 recovery of losses and increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand production or operations.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the year 2012
 the Company issued
      108
840
      shares to its employees as employee stock compensation. The Company transferred $2
264
420
      from retained earnings to statutory reserve. These transfers are to be used for future company development
 recovery of losses and increase of capital
 as approved
 to expand production or operations.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the period ended December 31
 2014
 the Company issued
      300
000
      shares to a consulting company as its financial advisor for management consulting and advisory services.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=center style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      American Lorain Corporation
      &lt;br/&gt;
      Capitalization Reconciliation Table
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div align=right&gt;
                  &lt;table border=1 cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=95%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  Par value
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  authorized
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=20%&gt;Issuance date&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=20%&gt;Shares outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Common stock at 1/1/2009&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  200
000
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  25
172
640
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  New shares issued to employees
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  and vendors during 2009
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;Various dates&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  56
393
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  New shares issued to PIPE
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  investors
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  5
011
169
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  New shares issued to service
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  provider during 2010
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;2/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  2
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  New shares issued to PIPE
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  investors
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;9/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  3
440
800
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;New shares issued to employee&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;9/23/2010&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  5
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  New shares issued as acquisition
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  consideration
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;9/24/2010&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  731
707
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  New shares issued to service
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  provider during 2011
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;5/5/2011&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  25
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  New shares issued to employees per
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  stock incentive plan
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;7/20/2011&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  27
092
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  New shares issued to employees per
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  stock incentive plan
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  11/21/2011
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  36
073
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  New shares issued to employees per
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  stock incentive plan
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  10/5/2012
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  108
840
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  New shares issued to service
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  provider during 2014
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;8/22/2014&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  300
000
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Common stock at 12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  34
916
714
                &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;/div&gt;
        &lt;div align=right&gt;
                  &lt;table border=1 cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=95%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;Warrants and options&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  Number of warrants
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  or options
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=20%&gt;Issuance date&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=20%&gt;Expiration date&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                  Warrants issued to investors in
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  2009 PIPE - Series A
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  1
753
909
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;4/28/2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total warrants and options&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
                  1
753
909
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            Par value
            &lt;br/&gt;
            authorized
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=20%&gt;Issuance date&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=20%&gt;Shares outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Common stock at 1/1/2009&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            200
000
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            25
172
640
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            New shares issued to employees
            &lt;br/&gt;
            and vendors during 2009
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;Various dates&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            56
393
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            New shares issued to PIPE
            &lt;br/&gt;
            investors
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            5
011
169
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            New shares issued to service
            &lt;br/&gt;
            provider during 2010
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;2/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            2
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            New shares issued to PIPE
            &lt;br/&gt;
            investors
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;9/10/2010&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            3
440
800
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;New shares issued to employee&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;9/23/2010&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            5
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            New shares issued as acquisition
            &lt;br/&gt;
            consideration
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;9/24/2010&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            731
707
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            New shares issued to service
            &lt;br/&gt;
            provider during 2011
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;5/5/2011&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            25
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            New shares issued to employees per
            &lt;br/&gt;
            stock incentive plan
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;7/20/2011&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            27
092
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            New shares issued to employees per
            &lt;br/&gt;
            stock incentive plan
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            &lt;br/&gt;
            11/21/2011
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            36
073
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            New shares issued to employees per
            &lt;br/&gt;
            stock incentive plan
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            &lt;br/&gt;
            10/5/2012
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            108
840
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            New shares issued to service
            &lt;br/&gt;
            provider during 2014
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;8/22/2014&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            300
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Common stock at 12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            34
916
714
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;Warrants and options&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            Number of warrants
            &lt;br/&gt;
            or options
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=20%&gt;Issuance date&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=20%&gt;Expiration date&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            Warrants issued to investors in
            &lt;br/&gt;
            2009 PIPE - Series A
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            1
753
909
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;10/28/2009&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;4/28/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total warrants and options&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;
            1
753
909
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=20%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;16.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The non-controlling interest represents the following:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              19.8% equity of Shandong Lorain held by the Shandong Economic Development Investment Corporation
 which is a state-owned interest.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;(2)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              49% equity of the Athena Group held by Biobranco II
 Alcides Branco
 and Nuno Branco.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;17.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;SALES BY PRODUCT TYPE&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Sales by categories of product consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Category&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                114
709
00
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Chestnut&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                123
037
895
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Convenience food&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                58
874
609
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                62
213
432
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Frozen food&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                35
641
156
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
357
348
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  215
279
78
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  217
553
660
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  5
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Revenue by geography consisted of the following as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Country&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Australia&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                206
241
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                59
317
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Austria&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                43
390
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Belgium&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
624
771
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
296
553
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Canada&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                142
620
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;China&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                158
785
05
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                138
834
016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                25
665
791
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
282
220
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Germany&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                993
899
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
232
648
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                329
163
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                164
921
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Israel&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                88
845
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                566
651
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Italy&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
059
609
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Japan&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                22
131
837
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                25
763
794
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Malaysia&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
797
391
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
663
077
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Netherlands&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
760
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                808
505
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;New Zealand&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                62
321
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Philippines&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                811
391
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                614
276
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Poland&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                115
672
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Portugal&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
930
655
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
557
232
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Reunion&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                66
181
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Russia&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                118
795
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Saudi Arabia&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
470
578
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Singapore&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
359
656
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
413
137
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;South Korea&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                7
225
153
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                9
335
811
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Spain&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                318
661
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Taiwan&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                545
191
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                108
946
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Thailand&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                948
165
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                604
268
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;United Kingdom&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
182
436
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
269
986
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;United States&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                835
231
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
361
680
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Vietnam&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                14
623
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Others&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                17
328
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  217
553
660
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  215
279
785
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Category&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            114
709
00
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Chestnut&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            123
037
895
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Convenience food&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            58
874
609
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            62
213
432
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Frozen food&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            35
641
156
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
357
348
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              215
279
78
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            &lt;b&gt;
              217
553
660
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            &lt;b&gt;
              5
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Country&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Australia&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            206
241
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            59
317
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Austria&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            43
390
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Belgium&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
624
771
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
296
553
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Canada&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            142
620
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;China&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            158
785
05
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            138
834
016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            25
665
791
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
282
220
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Germany&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            993
899
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
232
648
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            329
163
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            164
921
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Israel&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            88
845
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            566
651
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Italy&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
059
609
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Japan&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            22
131
837
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            25
763
794
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Malaysia&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
797
391
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
663
077
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Netherlands&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
760
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            808
505
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;New Zealand&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            62
321
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Philippines&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            811
391
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            614
276
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Poland&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            115
672
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Portugal&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
930
655
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
557
232
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Reunion&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            66
181
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Russia&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            118
795
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Saudi Arabia&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
470
578
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Singapore&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
359
656
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
413
137
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;South Korea&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            7
225
153
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            9
335
811
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Spain&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            318
661
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Taiwan&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            545
191
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            108
946
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Thailand&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            948
165
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            604
268
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;United Kingdom&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
182
436
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
269
986
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;United States&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            835
231
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
361
680
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Vietnam&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            14
623
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Others&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            17
328
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              217
553
660
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              215
279
785
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;18.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;All of the Company&amp;#8217;s operations are in the PRC
 France
 and Portugal
 and in accordance with the relevant tax laws and regulations. The corporate income tax rate for each country is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
          PRC tax rate is
          25%.
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
          France tax rate is
          33.3%
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
          Portugal tax rate is
          23%.
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following tables provide the reconciliation of the differences between the statutory and effective tax expenses for the periods ended December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Income attributed to PRC &amp;amp; Europe&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              8
397
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              23
547
394
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Loss attributed to US&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (901
923
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              (285
062
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Income before tax&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              7
495
834
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              23
262
332
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
              PRC Statutory Tax at
              25% Rate
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
089
712
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              5
573
756
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              3
089
712
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              5
573
756
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;i&gt;
        &lt;u&gt;Per Share Effect of Tax Exemption&lt;/u&gt;
      &lt;/i&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor= valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding Basic&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              34
808
221
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              34
616
714
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Per share effect&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &amp;#160;
              -
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The difference between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and the Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate was as follows for the periods ended December 31
 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;em&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/em&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;em&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/em&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;U.S. federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              35%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              35%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Lower rates in PRC
 net&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -10%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -10%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Tax holiday for foreign investments&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              16.22%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              -1.04%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              41.22%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              23.96%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Effective January 1
 2008
 the PRC government implemented a new
      25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as &amp;#8220;two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption&amp;#8221; hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard
      25% tax rate
 tax holidays were terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises that were already participating in tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until being fully utilized.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has accrued a deferred tax asset as a result of its net operating loss in as of and before December 31
 2014 because the Company planned to setup operations in the United States. The company anticipates that the operations within the United States will generate income in the future so that it will be able to take full advantage of the accrued tax asset. Accordingly the Company has not provided a valuation allowance for the accrued tax asset.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s detailed tax rates for its Chinese subsidiaries for 2014 and 2013 in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=27%&gt;China Income Tax&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=27%&gt;Rate&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;2014&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;2013&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Junan Hongran&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Luotian Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Beijing Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Shandong Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Shandong Greenpia&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Dongguan Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              25%
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Income attributed to PRC &amp;amp; Europe&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          8
397
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          23
547
394
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Loss attributed to US&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (901
923
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          (285
062
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Income before tax&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          7
495
834
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          23
262
332
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
          PRC Statutory Tax at
          25% Rate
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
089
712
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          5
573
756
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          3
089
712
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          5
573
756
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor= valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding Basic&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          34
808
221
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          34
616
714
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Per share effect&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &amp;#160;
          -
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;em&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/em&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;em&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/em&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;U.S. federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          35%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          35%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Lower rates in PRC
 net&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -10%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -10%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Tax holiday for foreign investments&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          16.22%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          -1.04%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          41.22%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          23.96%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=27%&gt;China Income Tax&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=27%&gt;Rate&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Subsidiary&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;2014&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;i&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;2013&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/i&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Junan Hongran&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Luotian Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Beijing Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Shandong Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Shandong Greenpia&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Dongguan Lorain&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          25%
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;19.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=95%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;EARNINGS PER&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;strong&gt;SHARE&lt;/strong&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Components of basic and diluted earnings per share were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;For the year ended&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;2014&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;2013&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Basic Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Net Income&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
752
524
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
633
895
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Income Available to Common Stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
752
524
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
633
895
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Diluted Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Income Available to Common&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
752
524
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
633
895
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Income Available to Common Stockholders on Converted Basis&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
752
524
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
633
895
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Original Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
616
714
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
616
714
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Additions from Actual Events&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;-Issuance of Common Stock&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                300
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
808
221
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
616
714
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Dilutive Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Additions from Potential Events&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;-Exercise of Investor Warrants &amp;amp; Placement Agent Warrants&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;- Exercise of Employee &amp;amp; Director Stock Options&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
808
221
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
616
714
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.11
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.48
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.11
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.48
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
808
221
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
616
714
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
808
221
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                34
616
714
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;For the year ended&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center colspan=4 nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=27%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;2014&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;2013&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Basic Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Net Income&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
752
524
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
633
895
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Income Available to Common Stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
752
524
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
633
895
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Diluted Earnings Per Share Numerator&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Income Available to Common&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
752
524
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
633
895
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Income Available to Common Stockholders on Converted Basis&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
752
524
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
633
895
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Original Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
616
714
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
616
714
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Additions from Actual Events&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;-Issuance of Common Stock&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            300
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
808
221
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
616
714
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Dilutive Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Additions from Potential Events&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;-Exercise of Investor Warrants &amp;amp; Placement Agent Warrants&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;- Exercise of Employee &amp;amp; Director Stock Options&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
808
221
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
616
714
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Earnings Per Share&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.11
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.48
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.11
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.48
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Weighted Average Shares Outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;-Basic&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
808
221
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
616
714
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;-Diluted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
808
221
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            34
616
714
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;20.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;SHARE BASED COMPENSATION&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On July 27
 2009
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors adopted the American Lorain Corporation 2009 Incentive Stock Plan (the &amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;). The Plan provides that the maximum number of shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock that may be issued under the Plan is
              2
500
000
              shares. The Company&amp;#8217;s employees
 directors
 and service providers are eligible to participate in the Plan.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              For the year ended December 31
 2009
 the Company recorded a total of $166
346
              of shared based compensation expense. The Company issued warrants that upon exercise would result in the issuance of
              1
334
573
              common shares. These stock options vest over three years
 where
              33.33% vest annually. The expense related to the stock options was $107
375. The Company also recorded expense of $58
971
              for the issuance of
              56
393
              common shares to participants; these common shares vested immediately. Given the materiality and nature of share based compensation
 the entire expense has been recorded as general and administrative expenses. For the year ended December 31
 2010
 the Company recorded a total of $890
209
              stock option and its related general and administrative expenses.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      On February 19
 2014 the Company&amp;#8217;s board of directors approved the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (&amp;#8220;2014 Plan&amp;#8221;). Subject to adjustment as provided in the 2014 Plan
 the total number of shares of Common Stock reserved and available for delivery in connection with awards under the 2014 Plan is
      3
000
000. Currently there are no shares or options granted under the 2014 Plan. The Company will not grant any awards until the 2014 Plan has been approved by the stockholders in compliance with the NYSE Amex Company Guide and favorable federal income tax treatment for grants of incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended. On June 9
 2014
 the 2014 Plan was approved at the annual stockholders' meeting of the Company. This 2014 Plan replaces the Company&amp;#8217;s 2009 Incentive Stock Plan (the &amp;#8220;Prior Plan&amp;#8221;) and no additional stock awards shall be granted under the Prior Plan. All outstanding stock awards granted under the Prior Plan shall remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plan with respect to which they were originally granted.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;No tax benefit has yet been accrued or realized. For years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company has yet to repatriate its earnings. Accordingly it has not recognized any deferred tax assets or liability in regards to benefits derived from the issuance of stock options.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;21.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;LEASE COMMITMENTS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(a.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company entered into an operating lease agreement leasing a factory building located in Dongguan
 China. The lease was signed by Shandong Lorain on behalf of Dongguan Lorain and expires on August 9
 2018.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=90%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;The minimum future lease payments for this property at December 31
 2014 are shown in the following table:&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=39%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=39%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              92
685
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=39%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              92
685
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=39%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              92
685
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=39%&gt;8/9/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              56
641
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=39%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
              334
696
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The outstanding lease commitment as of December 31
 2014 was $334
696.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The minimum future lease payments for this property at December 31
 2013 are shown in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=40%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=40%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              92
685
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=40%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              92
685
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=40%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              92
685
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=40%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              92
685
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=40%&gt;8/9/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              56
641
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
              427
381
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The outstanding lease commitment as of December 31
 2013 was $427
381.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;(b.)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company entered into three operating lease agreements leasing three plots of land where greenhouses are maintained to grow seasonal crops. The leases were signed by Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and expires on April 25
 2033
 May 19
 2033
 and June 19
 2033
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td width=90%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;The minimum future lease payments for these properties at December 31
 2014 are shown in the following tables:&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 1&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 2&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 3&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              85
773
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              102
527
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
097
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;4/25/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              42
261
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;5/19/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              50
322
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;6/19/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              5
530
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              1
556
659
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              1
864
908
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              223
152
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The outstanding lease commitments for the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2014 was $3
644
719.
    &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The minimum future lease payments for these properties at December 31
 2013 are shown in the following tables:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 1&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 2&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 3&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              78
128
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              95
114
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              11
339
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              85
773
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              102
527
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
097
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              89
289
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              105
683
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              12
757
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;4/25/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              42
261
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;5/19/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              50
322
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;6/19/2033&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              5
530
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              1
634
787
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              1
960
022
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
              234
491
            &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The outstanding lease commitments for the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2013 was $3
829
300.


      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=39%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=39%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=39%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=39%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=39%&gt;8/9/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          56
641
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=39%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
          334
696
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=40%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Lease payment&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=40%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=40%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=40%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=40%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          92
685
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=40%&gt;8/9/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          56
641
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=40%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
          427
381
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 1&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 2&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 3&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          85
773
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          102
527
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
097
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;4/25/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          42
261
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;5/19/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          50
322
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;6/19/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          5
530
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          1
556
659
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          1
864
908
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          223
152
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 1&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 2&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;From&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;To&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 3&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2017&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2018&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2019&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2020&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2021&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          78
128
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          95
114
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2022&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          11
339
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          85
773
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          102
527
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2023&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
097
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2024&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2025&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2026&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2027&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2028&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2029&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2030&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2031&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          89
289
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          105
683
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;12/31/2032&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          12
757
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;4/25/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          42
261
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;5/19/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          50
322
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;1/1/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=8%&gt;6/19/2033&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          5
530
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          1
634
787
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          1
960
022
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=8%&gt;
          234
491
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;22.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On March 12
 2015
 the Company and Jade Lane Group Limited entered into an agreement to repayment terms of the promissory note in the amount of $3
500
000
              issued to the Company on March 13
 2014. The Company agreed to repay the promissory note in form of both cash payment of $791
433
              and conversion of
              2
355
276
              shares of common stock at a conversion price of $1.15
              per share.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  

      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;23.&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;CONTINGENCIES AND LITIGATIONS&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr&gt;
        &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;td&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;There is a lawsuit currently pending in Linyi City Intermediate People's Court of Shandong Province
 which was filed by Shandong Lorain
 a subsidiary of the Company
 against Junan Hengji Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (Junan Hengji) in November 2013. Subsequently
 Shandong Lorain added Jiangsu Hengan Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. (Hengan Investment) as a co-defendant.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            Shandong Lorain filed the lawsuit to claim a fixed return of RMB10
            million (approximately $$1
629
062) that should have been paid by Junan Hengji pursuant to a cooperative development agreement (the Agreement) between Shandong Lorain and Junan Hengji entered into by the parties in September 2010. Pursuant to the Agreement
 Junan Henji is required to pay Shandong Lorain a total RMB20
            million (approximately $3
225
806) fixed return according to the development status of the project developed by Hengji. The payment was due and unpaid to Shandong Lorain. Consequently
 the Company has written down its other receivable amount and suffered a loss of $2
762
411.
          &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: inherit;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
            In January 2014
 the court had its first trial session. During the trial
 Hengan Investment filed a counterclaim against Shandong Lorain for repayment of out of pocket expenses of RMB4
746
927
            (approximately $765
633). Shandong Lorain responded that Hengan Investment does not have standing to file the counter-claim because the out of pocket payments were made by Junan Hengji. In November 2014
 the court had a second trial session and completed its discovery process and the Company is waiting for the judgment of the court.
          &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;24.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;RISKS&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              A.
              &lt;i&gt;Credit risk&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman,times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Since the Company&amp;#8217;s inception
 the age of account receivables have been less than one year indicating that the Company is subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;B.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Interest risk&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The company is subject to interest rate risk when short term loans become due and require refinancing.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;C.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Economic and political risks&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s operations are mainly conducted in the PRC. Accordingly
 the Company&amp;#8217;s business
 financial condition
 and results of operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
 and legal environments in the PRC.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s operations in the PRC are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&amp;#8217;s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;D.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Environmental risks&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company has procured environmental licenses required by the PRC government. The Company has both a water treatment facility for water used in its production process and secure transportation to remove waste off site. In the event of an accident
 the Company has purchased insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local environment.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;E.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;i&gt;Inflation Risk&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman,times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Management monitors changes in prices levels. Historically inflation has not materially impacted the company&amp;#8217;s financial statements; however
 significant increases in the price of raw materials and labor that cannot be passed on the Company&amp;#8217;s customers could adversely impact the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 plant and equipment













    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 $0.001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2014 and 2013




 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 34
916
714 shares and 34
616
714 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2014 and 2013



    


    


    


    


    


    


    



























 Shares




 Shares



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    
    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    
    

    

    


 BASIS OF PRESENTATION



    


    


    


    


    










    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    








    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    





    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    






    


    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    


    



 Stock Options



    


    


    

    

    

    


 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation



 Basis Of Presentation


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    





































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property



 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property






















































































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        



 BASIS OF PRESENTATION

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 form10kx5x1.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#`!`+#`X
A`.#0X2$1`3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!#`1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#TBBB@`HH


MO_0+OOR3_P*H_M.7_H%WWY)_P#%5H49'K0!G_VG+_T[[\D_P#BJ/[3E_Z!


_^TY?^@7??DG_
M`

_^TY?^@7??DG_Q5']IR_\`0+OOR3_X
MJM#(]:



M0.A/H:NUG)_R

W_`%Z1_P#H;UHT`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`


%!.
M2

X_F:!&#;W-Y=K!96


=DT@?_`'FR=@./_P!=:LFC64BQ

M5AON9&92.A4ELJ?H13XM







=M9NZ&V
63)MX)+
)\NX=U$KA&



M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44



!B
37

M+A-Z%G(3^\0!P.156WUSR](M;J6WN[HS;B/L\!8@9/)[#C%)::9J&GK:-;
MBVED2U%O('=E`(.0P.TD]3QQ]:ADT74/LEM`7CE5(W62


MO_`I_P#&C^R(O^?J^_\``I_\:`-&BL[^R(O^?J^_\G_`,:/[(B_Y^K[_P`
MG_QH`T:*SO[(B_Y^K[_P*?\`QH_LB+_GZOO_``*?_&@#1HK._LB+_GZOO_`I
M_P#&C^R(O^?J^_\``I_\:`-&BL[^R(O^?J^_\G_`,:/[(B_Y^K[_P`G_QH
M`T:*SO[(B_Y^K[_P*?\`QH_LB+_GZOO_``*?_&@#1HK._LB+_GZOO_`I_P#&
MC^R(O^?J^_\``I_\:`-&D/2L_P#LB+_GZOO_``*?_&C^R(O^?J^_\G_`,:`
M-EK._LB+_GZOO\`P*?_`!H_LB+_`)^K[_P*?_&@#1I*S_[(B_Y^K[_P*?\`


B^:4.X`@'[K-ZBK]

M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%



MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@IJG_`K
(_*M\]*@2(7#3A<2LH4MGL
X'Z
MFDP.;EN[S4=
TE[2^-M+]H$
Q

\?-R0
Q^8@<=:O4E`&+-#=2RX%G(OG&)_
+)^ZVGE3\V

X//2M
Y&.



I)+
`3P*`-T&EIHI:`
]_^1AA_PO63_T-*T:SG_Y&&'_`*])
M/_0TK1H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`


[K&8U&P*

M9V/8#J:I?VU9#O/_`.`TG_Q-`&A16?\`VU9?WI__``&E_P#B:/[:LO[T_P#X



M`:7_`.)H_MJR_O3_`/@-+_\`$T`:%%9_]M67]Z?_`
!I?_B:/[:LO[T__@-+
G17$-HB7)!D!/1B^!GCD@9X]A5R
MBBF`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!G:__`,@#4/\`KW?^1K0K
M/U__`)`&H?\`7O)_(UH4`&*,4M%`8HH/2L:\O9+.ZU.8`RVC=8RV!G+_E

M**P_M]_


M/J&H%EAT^V@?;;1S
TTK#@Y^7@')XZDUK65P+JS@N`HE17`/;(S3$3XHQ2T
M4#$K/D_Y&&V_Z]9?_0XZT:SI?^1BMO\`KTF_]#CH`T:***`BBB@`HHHH`**







1FG0XPL`ANKF`
MPPF$


MZLQ75O/$)8;B*2
G:'1P1GTR*8$']GQ%;Q6W$7?^L!/^R%X_`55AT*.-B9+N
MZFS;FW7SF%0XZ!5'/'6M0R(&VEU!]:8+JW9483Q%9#M0AQACZ#U-`$$-A'

M!WI9)X8R!)+&I8[0&8#)]/K0!)2U4CN=U^]JR[2J13G[P)(/;L1^M6Z`$K/
ME_Y&&V_Z]9O_`$..ML#6+N[L];MI+6R6Y`MI
_O-I4;DR
#IZ^U`&_2
MUCQ7^K31K)#IUG(C?=9;XD'_`
AT_PU:U_T[3_`
#3_P#&Z`-6BLK[5K7_
M`$K3_P-/_QNC[5K7_0*M/\`P-/_`,;H`U:*ROM6M?\`0*M/_`T__&Z/M6M?
M]`JT_P#`T_\`QN@#5HK*^U:U_P!`JT_\#3_\;H^U:U_TK3_`
#3_P#&Z`-6

M1JG_`$#H/_`K_PQH`T:2L_[1JG_`$#H/_`K_PQH^T:I_T#H/\`P*_^PH`=
MJGW;3_KYC_G5^L+49]2*VVZPA&+A

M=]HU3_H'0?\`@5_]C1]HU3_H'0?^!7_V-`&C16=]HU3_`*!T'_@5_P#8T?:-


M



M/M+MG)ZXP?I6=I!2;5XWN[
1*MQ(\


HYSL+'

M0WE[J$ES9+



*%YXKTR[
XW


MCR3@9Z=:S]


5

9#13J
O$_P!X



?\ZOU0U3[MI_U
M\Q_SJ_0`4444`%%%%`5GV__`'[[_KW@_\`0I:T*S[?_D/WW_7O!_Z%+0!H

3@\

N#(PJ7^
MS)?^@I??]])_\30!HT5G?V9+_P!!2^_./_XBC^S)?^@I??G'_P#$4`:-%9W]
MF2_]!2^_./\`^(H_LR7_`*E]^<?_P`10!HT5G?V9+_T%+[\X_\`XBC^S)?^

10!H45G_V9+_T%+[\X_P#XFJEE:W$\]ZCZ







^F[/ZTLJWI@C$
MENLW\9:-BI^@!S^M`%FBJ\RW9DC
$D(3_EH'0DGZ8/'ZT
MU]J4H\/V?'*E#



^F[/ZT`6J*K2K


0R6ZS?QEHV*GZ`'/ZT`6:*KS+=F2
P20A/\`EH'0DGZ8/'ZT
MU]J4H\

'1HA!)`LOFR[RZ
5/[QLX`-:$RW9DC
$D(3_E



M??9


$8ADMUF_C


$8ADMUF_C
M+1L5/T`.?UH`LT57F6[

?7GGM0!8J.X_

#[

_\``51@H^HSG]:`

MZ8(Q#)`LO\99&*GZ`'/ZT`)JG_`K








\MY;;

MEZ`'/7WH`V:*KS+=F2
PR0B


M0TM9.G:N;W49K4PA0BEDD4L0P#8_B4=_3(]ZUJ/



6Q^M6JR=
UB._DC11%O(8MY
8YMT$(#^6YEQN*G!W#'

M[;YB
F[KC(QFE@3RH8X\YVJ%STS@5G3ZI)`SN;93`NY5?S/F+JI)&

MW2GZ;JD=^X5/+R$W

?\ZO


M

MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`2HYX(KB(Q3Q)+&W5'7(/X5+10!5CL+2)`





AN+B0






M\EM@&WQ(CD]L
6`_]!-`%9-+C6[BN/


M;6.*.XNI8I_+$EO&]PV7D9C\G)R^/E&#GK0!TV117-1W5Q9WRQW$NZ%KC`83
MDF1C@8&?KG8./?@@]*.:`%HHI*`*NJ?\@J\_ZX/_`.@FI+/_`(\X/^N:_P`J



MI?[(B_Y^K[_P*?\`QJU9_P#'G!_US7^53T`9W]D1?\_5]_X%/_C1_9$7_/U?



MIR-!J=Y;::2-$B9?-D+D$[L\D^PK4K.MO\`D.7_`/URA_\`9ZT:`BBB@`H


M_P?J^_\G_QK1HH`SO[(B_Y^K[_`





U((M2M[348K6!Q
TK2Q2Y3#AB
M#@9/!`SU&






&KV1ZT9%/\`K^ON
M`6BDS2T`)6'I5])#:NBZ?=2A;B;YXPF#^];IEA6[6+I&HV




M2P0#)&.?FK7E&8G&.JFJW]K:;_T$+3_O\O\`C2/JVFE&QJ%IT/\`RV7_`!H`


XN+E+A8$FC@R2&4-G8#R
M1R
`\\5LP:9:6]M!;10!8H&WQKDG:?7K[FEGTVUN%F62(GSG5W(8@[EQ@@@\

DIGMD]*EO+C4K.\LTN;PI;`#




FTG)/)(/X



M`%#5/NVG_7S'_.K]4-4^[:?]?
?\ZOT`%%%%`!1110`E9]O_`
A^^_Z]X/\`


M:])50#AX






ME1/;K`[R
%5OF.TDLW5NF
\GMCD\5HT4K`5[6W%M`D09G_Q-C)]3Q@?E5BB
MBF`4V3_5M]#3J;)_JV^AH`I:'_R`M._Z]H__`$$5?JAH?_(T[_KVC_]!%7Z
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`*FJ?\@J\_ZX/_Z:DL_^/.#_KFO\JCU3_D%7G_7!_\`
MT$U)9_\`'G!_US7^5`$]%%%`!1110!0U3[MI_P!?
?\`.K]4-4^[:?\`7S'_

CUH`6BDI:`BBB@`
MHHHH`SM_P08O\`UUE_]&-6C6=H7_(,7_KK+_Z,:M&@`HHHH`****`BBB@



MCWK0!!&0010`M%)2T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%-D_U;?0TZFR?ZMOH:`*6A_P#(
MT[_`*]H_P#T$5?JAH?_``M._Z]H_\`T$5?H`****`BBB@`HHHH`J:I_R

M110`4444`4-4^[:?]?
?\ZOU0U3[MI_U\Q_SJ_0`4444`%%%%`5GV__`'[
M[_KW@_\`0I:T*S[?_D/WW_7O!_Z%+0!HT444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1

MDI
4@.

MG)RWS?
P&


M&`OF







+

M^N:_RH`J_P!LVO\`SROO_`?_P(H_MFU_YY7W_@!/\`_$5HT4`9W]LVO_/*

M:`-&BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*2EHH`H!W.NO&6




FY?^^ER!^.*M
M6]S!=1B2VFCF0_Q1L&'Z4`344E%`&?H7_(

MI:HZ?_Q^:G_U\C_T3'0!?HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`ILG^K;Z




M?]=9?_1C5HUQ_@+4M2U*&=K@1TC)VD(06=FW'G/09_45V%`!1110`444E`

Q0B.3`.UNQ


T`7]#_

_^Q;'

MINE:Y:7PCA-S!]K926B1N1@GCZ^U`$W]BV/I/_X$R?\`Q5']BV7I/_X$R?\`




@/ICY02?PH`/[%LO[L_\`


G_P`53KC5






G!`





M`&@_*MQ(I_U(.-P;.
^]:O\`8UK_`
];[_P.G_\`BZSU_P1H/\`U\'_`-$







M+8^D_P#X$R?_`!5

MV/:X_P!;??\`@=/_`/%U$OA_3TG:=!=+
X`:07DP9A[G=S4U[K.G6$D:7=W%

];[_P.G_\`BZ/[



MRM(5RBGJQ)ZYK3K/L/\`D)ZI_P!=4_\`1:T`:-%%%`&=?_\`(3TO_KJ__HMJ
MT#T-9]__`
A/2_\`KJ__`*+:M&@#G4LYY=:@NX]




MH0\UNUNY/^K9@2!GN02*S?$/_+G_`+\O_HB2MFL;Q#_RY_[\O_HB2@#0T_\`

DLI-S?:)O
YJU;:=/%8Z7'Y.U[


BX*@GYEYSDYYR!WIR
M6E_]E73C9'BZ\TW.]-A7S-^[&=V[MTZ]ZZ+(]13(IHYMWE2*^UBK;3G!'4?6


M][I_@:OV/FF*QNK6UGG
G(_.F(PU@U:.QC0RQ-)<RO
MNT



MD@`G&:Z.JDNJZ=!.8)K^UCF!`




CUH_K^ON`YZ\M+S4?MLGV)X-]MY*1R.FZ0YSSM)`';

DHPX8''!!I?U


..15.


MP




HMFBWY+Y3E^


M^55=2
8U33#$`;P
:[W$;1J,'&Q`,J00/US5JWU*
MZDBV!M\]A!(;A1_'(,JH/UP6_*ME--L8[DW,=G;I<$DF58E#9/7G&:F2&.1

MV9OI[.*&RBF'D



_'-=0MOJ
MJHACH=R@*`%/J/SJ)=-L5NC=+9VXN

9R


M`'Y?_1$E;-8WB'_ES_WY?_1$E`&AI_\`R#[;_KDG_H(JS5;3_P#D'VW_`%R3


M





415+'+$#[QQC)J2F`

M89PO*B6

M0+M!@@K@#'?US71UL$2F/;$@\OA



6O$


MG/\`^BFK4L_^/.#_`*YK_*LOQ%_RP_ZYS_\`HIJU+/\`X\X/^N:_RH`GI*6D

*D+GK@8XI`9$4EWJ2Z9

?]

F

@@\@U2BTO3H-_DV


RI]T21A@OTR*`






MSVFH0@INN9=Z$DX`PO7\C22Z7

M]]F


1GY0!R#V-/B\164C1KY=TN]
M_+=GMV41-GA7)'!.?\YIMGIUW':Z=#
L(^Q2#E')W*$*@\@8//3]:D?3)FM;
MJ(&/=-=+
US)&5R0<;`K8/3F













X4`L?Y8_&LZ
M^U2^M_MUPC6Q@M9EC\IHVWN%/#;L9^;CBKVIJ4N;Y`)6.;:P'HZE?YD4V#


MZ*:M2S_X\X/^N:_RH`GI*6DH`CN)5@MY9G.%C0L?H!FLD75^8=.C22%9[I2T

=KY
M=K)$C6]QYUGN!VJI'*-Z#EAQ[4`_Z_$FN7U&SM)IYYX)!$5DS%$4)4'YP02W

20NSG+'!))`]1V[&ME1A0/2@!]%%%`

5&R&/`!Y!8Y'/7BH=*UN:ZN+



2L^P

M_.UC_GQL?_`Q_P#XU1YVL?\`/C8_^!C_`/QJ@#0HK/\`.UC_`)\;'_P
?_XU
M1YVL?\^-C_X&/_\`&J`-BL_SM8_Y\;'_P`#'_\`C5'G:Q_SXV/_`(&/_P#&
MJ`-BL_SM8_Y\;'_`




?_`.-4`:%%
M9_G:Q_SXV/\`X&/_`/&J/.UC_GQL?_`Q_P#XU0!?`Q2UG^=K'_/C8_\`@8__
M`
:H\[6/^?&Q_P#`Q_\`XU0!H4E4/.UC_GQL?_`Q_P#XU1YVL?\`/C8_^!C_
M`/QJ@#0HK/\`.UC_`)\;'_P

MQ_\`1*5L5C6UKJ-A++Y$-I
CA.7G:

M@#0HK/\`.UC_`)\;'_P
?_XU1YVL?\^-C_X&/_\`&J`+^.:6L_SM8_Y\;'_P
M




M`Q__`(U0!-JG_(*O/^N#_P#H)JGHG^OO?K%_Z*2ENO[8N+6:#['8KYB
F[[6

M^T:I_P!`Z#_P*_\`L:`-DQSTJA]HU3_`*!T'_@5_P#8T?:-4_Z!T'_@5_\`
M8T`:-%9WVC5/^@=!_P!7_V-'VC5/^@=!_X%?_8T`:%(!Z50^T:I_P!`Z#_P
M*_\`L:/M&J?]`Z#_`
O_L:`-&BL[[1JG_0.@_\``K_[&C[1JG_0.@_\O\`

begin 644 form10kx14x1.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``(!`0(!`0(`@(`@(`P4#`P
#
M`P8$!`

#`P8#`P8


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#]DOVBOVZ?



M=+^)

M&!M[D@_^0:_#/P?H?A[X3_!33_%^I:':^(M9UR_^SZ?;WW^D6UM7K'[+'PK\

MAN_97\^Y]+&;RPZE[:C[;V7MO9:_P`+U[GZ\2?\%FOV:2?^%KZ*?\`MWN?
M_C--7_@M!^S8GW?BMH@_[=[G_P,U\J?M)?LO^#KSX7?'A_B/\`OAG\'_'@



:3IT%Y]EQF`_

&@O(I^]`^=0C9?Q\L?E6U

?^Q?N/_2@5RG[#-]I6K_L







MFY^QS?:.

#[JG\*0``_=7\J



MX

(XI8F%1MH_]D_
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

          
          
          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            


            Interest rate at
            5.55% per annum due 3/24/2015

          

            1
629
062

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            


            Interest rate at EURIBOR +
            1.7% per annum due within
            3
            months

          

            972
527

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            


            Interest rate at EURIBOR +
            1.7% per annum due within
            3
            months

          

            1
434
476

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            


            Interest rate at EURIBOR +
            1.7% per annum due within
            3
            months

          

            705
081

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            


            Interest rate at EURIBOR +
            1.7% per annum due within
            1
            months

          

            705
081

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            


            Interest rate at EURIBOR +
            1.7% per annum due within
            1
            months

          

            559
203

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          

            6
005
430

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          

    


        
        

          
          
          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            

          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            


            Interest rate at
            4.50% per annum due 3/13/2015

          

            3
500
000

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          


          
          
          
          

            3
500
000

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          

    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Narrative) (Details) (USD $)

        

      


 2014

          



Intangible Assets
 Net 15
        


Intangible Assets
 Net 16
$ 603
682


Intangible Assets
 Net 17
$ 301
079




        
          

        
          
            

 Net 15
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net 16
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net 17
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

ORGANIZATION
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES (Narrative) (Details) (USD $)

        

      






Organization
 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 1
        


Organization
 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 2
        


Organization
 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 3
        


Organization
 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 4
        


Organization
 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 5
$ 2
100
000


Organization
 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 6
        


Organization
 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 7
731
707


Organization
 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 8
        


Organization
 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 9
        


Organization
 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 10
        


Organization
 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 11
$ 383
482


Organization
 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 12
        


Organization
 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 13
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 4
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 12
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 10
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 8
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 7
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 1
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 11
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 3
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 13
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 9
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 2
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 5
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Basis Of Presentation
 And Principal Activities 6
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0T\*'TG`(``#(U```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=



ML!JCN!JCP!JCR

M)BBR)BBR)BBR)BBR)BBR)BBR)BBR)BBRIBBRIBBRIBBRIBBRIBBRIBBRIBBR
MIBBRIBBRIBBR9BBR9BBR9BBR9BBR9BBR9BBR9BBR9BBR9BBR9BBRA19!8JL
M`D56@2*K0)%5H,@J4&05*+(*%%D%BJPYBJPYBJPYBJPYBJPYBJPYBJPYBJPY
MBJPYBJPYBJP215:)(JM$D56BRI19)4HLDH4626*K!)%5HDBZP)%UL7_DM7Y
M1@BQZ?7?(TQC+E02K-NW9&_\-^+#T$N;:V6H^NZ


M31^'Q@921=6)W6QJ/*U^`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`M54P(_4```!
M`@``P`(`E]R96QS+RYR96QS(*($`BB@``(`````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````(R2
MST[#,`S&[TB\0^3[ZFY(*&ENTQ(NR%4'L`D[A^UC:

5^@Z(?8WG?ZBLVA5
M*=LV?0$Q\:*#19#?_SV';DNU%)SND%G$XFQ`L?FWN^['N&'QY^G8_8]#/'0









M)#Q;$AY*PK
EX:$D2G:CE[#1V6E@&+8_H3X%NZL$[K)[BH)NTJRNTKKE+L



M


M;


7.=.!)8W%U/KEB]NM)71
MUMASW


%O*_8V
1=V8



M0MV6
X%/E*#-[
;JS%8HEE4<B<Y^BQ-195ZO^NV5?#P)*


@U1WVF@83VM
(U5SRF@2#VM-`
MK3]:\J;VE*9JG-8?+EG(@&]09S1.*^=+X81IBB]JCU)
91ZR&\%#+D)]#=BW
MG;&05(28_+[&J^Z
G)




M4
?

P+HM

FN=?A/Z^`\```#__P
`4$L#


M?KI)?*_KB^.F.#1'N?9_RL[_=O_K+W?O3?O2[:7L/;!P[-;^ON]/MT'0E7M9










MHJ
?)9$(IPW:[!9U`3)O`ZE3D9G&X-HW/!90DW;MY#:$)$DB+N7=HBZ@SEA.
MW;I%F6F

=$AD&J.)
M4A'3B#A%E&L
&WKNE`0VPT4M@\Q[1NJ$+]

M%(4QH3-Z=NN(DX2+_)%[6.`6V?18A[#



#[T

$%``&``@`




@?F

MB(ZU\$LA9$
TW

M4*E`^C6@N!S#QH1+M@9/8&/0T^OI[R3-F`C;5(W7F[M@T.9X'69\%C&M![
M:+PO9XHR#!K[)KQT+V`M6-L#^(JM-Y$K]N(;K$@BF:6`A'`6O!@N+!0A3.
MT_F(.`H;!O`P[/-2




MGDFAQ$I/`
CTT%ODLK9RNZ+?0/L?O^'JC







0(GH<E7(KLKHKY^/-RDEQO*NX(WJ1$;?A*&WZX\?5CNEGTTMA7`T)F




M_'6X[V1AZXS.8B]*@AD#.-D(8Q^EHZ0DWQJKVC\(8GLJ)`GW)'#?D[#8FX=1

==_I0HY.I([QY+1A!+(
MPD!Y7M:


7SE
7!:

M`T^T%R
Q:B



MHDQ$OK/1VK4MGL?BF.3GG?WW7Z^KP+;**LJ/42IROK


+SR+RK6X\AQ^.8DBBRJX+

M693DMO*P*1[Q(4ZG).8O(KYE/*^4DX*G407\RTMR+1MO6?R(NRPJWF[752RR
M*[@X)&E2?=9.;2N+-]_/N2BB0PIY?R`:Q8WO^F+D/DOB0I3B5*W!G:.(CG
.
MG=`!3_OM
8$


MY`RB#7AN
E




M%4BEC]P0$]\+6DB/@_RC&&SA_X^B-!IQ



MH[75B


M`7'O8/-A($HRZMY6[XXT(XU6.S-G!YS$:L`(.YWN?[]EBD`(Z=ET+DD@KYY?

_;

2CRO:EJ`R2-*+@!O3KG:SUD:W


&J75QLR`SD.A

MVU`G6X&U4L\6^B6WMR#8FT0_M17XWCBYV/!]8?Y1A[^%W.X

VBF`04X
Y::/
D+:7K

.#G0-G*EK;GN0


9C&3?-2;LF
M3)X1=CXH.]2Q*%$0)VSHG[&


`4$L#



9D'F;;K?0D=-F=EAXV[@-9
M/8:AZVW74J!_2WKA5W\[_




M[Z$1X`$-WKBF@9:C::;ED$E

M]D70B#SK;!]!,UJ+WS^:A/=IKT(,LD3W1V2(RB2V@=D299?:)_95"1A40
MHWT$S6I/8


_^MO0?A+M;TH$1
TO@I7[D2G[2_20

*-;\(5AY(IDPPT7.F1+AV03VFP_ZM
M;)!
^6!B^J!X2)$RS0*M4+#(JSLD$SY86KZH4+-+X*5&9(I-TSUG*E%N+;#
M+Q8AL+)#&64Z06K:H4(I.R(1R:XVZV`5`BM3E%&C*G2CJ()S?I!8.6'
FK$

J%/('7PZAE1T&
M4W:8F7:H4

H1
]


GC1L;
\U]BQ#LY2Y)\G.#NC


L==+G8;V]^?WH]'#=?7^SG_@G99AN.[?[`#K_?;8^'T^'QO+*'6_M$





-=5P;%1$








M+%$U86+D*E:Z*)8%926JXL50L3*76)E15J)J4C%4L
PE6&84EJB*#X.*DKE$
MR9Q2$E6A&2*KJ5Q%21=%FR&GE$35I&*H8)E+L.SMKODK%ZKBQ5!1

MHFI,0H5)ET4*P;%)*JF%*-0T=)%L30H+5'E!R,%*.W#!)?OIP:+F4(%2Q?%
MLJP1%6T)0H5)ET4.S_%)*JZ8DS^@J50P=-%L:PH/%$5&C6RMBI4['11+`O*






J]4H=1%L=I0E*(*Q\9]+2&ONBH52ET42X*B%%71!JE4%'51[/R4

M=J]4('51M!@5!2FJPF!$[D8J%3A=%


ZH'0Z258GDSBHLRW16P?&;2.
MIY;&KL85M$9-64\=%253$^FMW./TP1E?CQBN\G@G$CSKW22S<GN6=/IBC*?

;ZM#$J'
MDV1Q
5-$[CM!YVGR8;0MF*DIR
+U9L:V`#@KDF*$).HR
MGY
_^K5;3^=94J0@\;7WA7XHDI=-*I*.LI*[R:1L\8JRKDCC&]6P:KEB61Q
M,BG#+,KD
3N:G16)Y\3B9E6$59?`[K?$WM,/,E=,J(BK)0E1D[T:S.ODP


8GPXQ/01;Z)#:3=`8HD!Q0QC#B
MHJR;29
MC*#S1/DPBCO#.(RNJM%TNW(2H8HTS,7XQQ&18INDGMS$OS&U9R
M1AGFC`*4J8JDVT^0S%*&F:7LD+@I?J5(NAU9R2AEF%$*!DZIZ!:/SBD%DE7*
M




AE;R$XQ3X%S.
UO4
D^99A]RA\]O+Z@
MLJ_\Z&W#D0;5\5/R3QGFGX(I!BK[^B?5*DVR4!EFH?)'#T.1IZ;HO721#(5N
MP2J9J`PS40%Q414K&#X%'GAE',^*7I%XBFS50'ZJOS4C;D_P3F@%'E(4&7V
M*G_T:US76:OL4+OK^'+K?=F`H0'

M3:RS6]D=7FF`&%VG&*Y`Y[CR873=G#.Z$L_5K!KI-@\DUY7)V6
%`]M5GK;O

M+

\68R:QS_BK%`$G



V$'TOT'\0]!Z)%]F2
M#-N+I&G:!;9`4?3RK





L[W++)X/T99'7O.';-H!T
MH2(Z7'


MY
&N@9K-


M07;QQ`BL^J]`7?^C`#Z_+G_HU8'`
)#W-T1&#4AAJR

M?W_***L)$3('';4U-*J3!DYD/640OGH^HTXN*Z
&K&R7U2@E34P2;'943QDX
TZIO-I^LK5*<,A<N7GC03RCBY+!UQ
MV0C9+JM12IE9%*/(.%Y?&B=3I2-'UPB9$KHUC4MC9.?TA$_C9#MIQK527//
MT#BY+!UQV0B9F=!=42@E#9FAV`#ZRCAY*ATYN4;(]E2-FE;&R4[IF)UBVTXU



[Q/RZ^?#S8)8
M2M






M;OOIUPS$P#F^WAD#GHA9]



M


.;[1H
MVC&Q$QI&4WM9P%\1!J]6UP9P+H0^W9@-^C\WZ[\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(

M;)25VXZ;

:SADII`];R#+Y72DEH8ZIJ8

-.W




C'

YV4!1V4'TY$5P/XE&!8%PQI@@

MV]:3]U@[\95U
H*]M1=YZWP:39*3X**VT&^WU]:)KYPG_SA[43HD'2=I&N?9



MXVNSN'V1+=IR;83JAP%(4:\8ZH475W@W[]6-U.








F@G
9Y

MP.^E\_=M`?MXY[&LR0\(KRTW]&^X277-?_V]8@IC9NMT80U_AV/$CNXN$L
M&#_`1NYIS9^HKD5G4


2YX;6R4E]N.HS@0AN]'VG=`W=@R&$2
M)1DUH-X=:58:S9ZN3$):L!9['2ZWWZK









M5A0[;
8S(S8@]FFCPO@*



U[/*!L]1:@VV[P
Q.R;
Y!
M-Y(-FD4_*Z.8P'?EXN9C`V(+'P\H&[X%Z$SWA*B7`O:9*'270ZJOW[*G[K@K



RYX;6R45%MOVR`8
M?9^T_X!XK[&=Q&FC.%6S*%NE59JF79X)QC:*






M/5^Q*X9
JV6IT$&(G5BHGJ3+FYSRE;+(9_?K;NZ)NXQFP_6U5^51U@V+A-
M80/6QCP&Z$
9IG`Q.UE]/VS`=TM*J
2F]3_
]@NHNO&XVU

M19ID
@U



E;K-
8UBC$3+=2';

M-
P!?UO+SN[1%#\'3C'SN.DNN%8=0*QE(]U+#XJ1XHO[JM6&K1O0_4PGC.^Q
M^\4(7DENM-6EBP.!*)CS1G)"MEH4$!=YV9$29XVNZN)EALEKV_OR68FN/





MU(@24N-H#MZ8


M8PQ8P1C9SD?__:YQ0C_22BD/@

1(=UZ7L

M1KH7'7RIM%'
P=#4Q/9&L')8I%J2Q'%&%)




MZ\9!M5


WC

7M^SAX]R:UG*7.$;BP4)[=DL8T6Y`=))4?

M?$SSD3A(!U`V)&`VR=



M``#__P



M3
4A*T];^]]_7K]$MB7KI#PDN2CYUO[DTOZZ^_67S4U4;_+



MI.MOIU)4R3X'WQ_$2]([=W
QHB^RM!)2'.L5T#FXT+'GV(D=8-IM#ADX4&6W



UQ'ZW7.






6F]/7UU8Y\W#):92_V`S,GN45K;)80$ICA]=14_CZMC

]1:O)ML$4@;0'_3%R4;F8HV-HPVC;J?-L^-W)E8

T\#PZ9WU1
MQ
$P-J%N.DJK(PJM
SALH^.&$QD.+`6O3OPWGN?22L5535L$
J+]MIT$GV@S

P[M10TC6//Q#,WAYG
M70'X*$1]OU##8CO$[_X'``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!9UI?U8`(``&$%

!&[ROU'2S?
M+P9C@I9;1IMNU(K554/UXX9P%J



$NMX6_!&MY#35[#T?O7QPW*OS;.M




MA!_ZYUX6KL[I:!*-I_$H03G9@G6/TB
I$3OKM/H31
D1%2#I$8+/(R291%DZ



#N
MC9M*MI8T4.+2.)IB2YMP1L+`Z:[OLZUVV-O]:XV_
L#-BB

E1(G57=5JP[<-^GY
HR'O:U4\W8`5F%DB=*Y9Q*ZP0#P3I3TE8$)X8_]<R\+5^<T
MRZ)D%B\03;9@W:WTC)2(G75:_0J8Y
`4.-(#!SX/'
DBFJ7SY7GR?Q86`NK]




G

Z8=8.A43FJM^X7GJ:)F+56NZ%D'=RHA






WE

M`S%*(RBV`82Q;SX#XL3A[!II`YY(SP=BE$90@MDG230;TS]1AGZ[/%L#GBAG
M[Y01A*:#*)K%:30@3J23:Z0-^+UT



$%``&``@````A`(R`F#:H`@``



%;JSMYX08UG!)3:!ZWL&;2FE)+2QU34RO.2V'(-F2.`QG1%+1


R\<)49L;:R2?SPHVE)YDGA+`M<M
M230+TCC++\]@(5[14.`=M72YT&J#8--`3M-3MP6C.3[RA+PQ^L8:SU5*M3H


-^9$&#_)-.#;`#Q__;4JN







M4@CT3TE.[.*]P_;T]+4MBS_*AH#:


M(XLO&8D&G[

M
GBZ3#@NPUN/K@[U7(X'K5RH
-0++HM+T
5$
M!L%&$TEM&/`@@T&L


MAM-&NM


M

_I4!PS]%_VY^@


9O4F*UE-E^X7


Q:B)_OBP





M&H0T
T)4()3D(2S(+D20F(3@C`R0X@#(P0$360(^EEOQF!6'\]?&`W(B4&.
MH'-+B)=V&Q($UULB/A0Z)^Z^E@BC04BZX#@E
)Z3[A]NHQLR$71@-R38#D
M(IE
V9I&(=:%WH1$%#?Q_.75H

MH4/LSX:5@I(Q8U-56HV[-A)9?BF\#P?)AZJ5`VLV&EH&1
0A
MDZHW70W5
M1[K?%2L1)6


/`!O&6O/%V+7O_P&L_H/``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!ABWUT



2#BK:Y**PST2+C%OA-*DNS=\NC/G8YUT_;\B92

M^.T6L82,LR$RV2D-ZQQ3T;4W^UK`KT1XJ=.?I/3*IVG[6
O\E0+5AGG`&
MUDH]H?1KC(\@V.]$/U8S\$.361\F]F?:O=%R$UJ8;HGD!$FMHA?'X2)H*)@
MXPTGZ!2I#`#@E^02EP94A+]4UYV
;1K2T=2;S`8C!G*R%L8^2K2D)-H:J_*_



/Q(E2=G^#)Y7F!+GZ!P``

M='
F
MJ=:^SY(3*6+FT8J4\







M0H\\R0//LG47K@-=
%B?UQU:!



Q[]:V\DM\I&-L#Z6:I4.U:+(
EQKU0MS)8
M^24:
LRKJ9-FI5`MC=')M+)
-.292/=













@HSCCU`I

QH/`@_

O+T4
MB?A[D0#H]_N^XT]&WBB\K.(241W@(S-L
5=R9T'5P)FZ8EB#W@R4
;(`\D


MQYGTWY@06-DP6M`N4M@'8#YW?./6$Q:4Q:))B8Q),U_!L(1R(TFRX9`&





/E?B81%


M_3.#89/#RW/@@'$JI3D\X`'-^+KX!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`=]D5





:!'I[F\@'/I



]L4
4?DZNJ=*)Z:V\\==1)'IH@Y*L@8.5$\
LD3A4/4#E!P)4(XI$\)(2'%2)!&

5R*(VRIV7E&*@RJ18(SC
MY@Y'D&(Y4A=6^/?;]



:*LAU4
M

7@;C[)?/QTMU4L0@IW4$&$

X;T0X=U6
5OD=.Y!





$`4=6

X;T2
:U/%
/-U:A'@;14-L2`)]:#KAS1G2O_FV_?E0CPM0.S?QW2


MH$*N8

?_F755C%7%.Z@PJ[

MG=X^]:#KC#;4PF*V-Z$V%Y1MH,*N\)L3R38BMANJUBE.V@0JY@RU6*MB*V

M8MBNZUB8T79#BKLK




*V\)X3T4HPGL7

L^:
MQ_GXU:A;@.0+&E?&G%'0SS+/&49]

M-FB4^+/



]P&TG'*^D!P

M8%T9;0

T\

M=F-^9SZYQURY/\[CFWU4U.-XUH^GLO_[JI]'-NC'*V4W6OP\CN?Y#_/PILL3

M!AO6U8=$(G]\_]_C(W7UVH.(H4

MQV/

3;B(
ML()7$53&`A\!W8A5UJK59B7-/90C


\W!&Y#%-Y;P]<YVM]MT\`9D\<TE?/]*JUEW\084,AI/E]#:H?U^2CV'3#C;
M+85O`'RCFL(7*(B&/+HTBPF/U:I8B_!]+OH`T$&%8V1FB=D@GV(XBZ.1H)B







M6Q

94FR
ME))J(*X,K%BC\@A84-=`YMZ;_=0*%NJDE:!@SN9/RY[VD&C0+=Y!3SS:ED
Q\^;


W2K;\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````




M*Q8^3B0/4@UN;S:^1Q29`4W(UO5'S__)

MON



AD.DE1JLH\'FRR&
=[3!+F9'TVQB3(Q+I9H)
MOEBV&PXX

MON

8)X!.92S#/4*%CL9K.U9&<P=.1G,#4D9S!U1%IRJX
B;7



<,(:[W

W
);LI+'TI)ZYW3HO[W;N@Q48\3ZK

=\%?F2MHG@?6'P)2X9G(L$S2@5Q






-:5(BD&73FR


MU)%LU@2&STY/ID_)U!&

LTS\X\@5K*9:01__


MLJQM%BI-H*!Q#!MLEG6D6[=/Z*G@8N3@_JFI8QI!:E
;`'!N7N1S'@#I=X

@L:S-!







52=&VF3V

MPY)2]SFRJ89(S=74Q;;UL98EZU,U'N/LEI[ZJOOBO$=I_:)5_7V+M3U+B`V
M-=)B4P[10]1%2D!G;)X.1PNJ^L'\

Y\
MI@D])PLKT.DS-\GA\&FC(-JD%
'7:J*<?$
M7!*0!+7(60D?)Z8/L&Z[;E+:KY5@*W




MV9SL.SA=LN?:1%;9CHB!!K
2(W!YD$WM&IR34W?VS3/-RRHRT/7




G]M
J.N*^#X$*5.;BHK
*.P!R5!2JWE578$0Q'98'*;645=@2$1-84
M!FDKJ[`C6('*`G=K*RNWXU3D?L;D_J+2CJ*OXLU4.;BHK
*.HJ].F+Y*915V


M9;)[9ZZS$BPZ#-89#HREZ:QVCHG/-\L$X7H!40@G5BQ)3];J8V\)SW[+!8GQ

!








RX

#X_:#_^PGO%P?_/(!.S%[:)HCSS8W_UC


LIGV9OY$I)EQ^_/S[;
=`R%EOD4RHR++]D?

M2KL_GM\L\EGGQ3`;3V]@E\%J/OK8RP;7^;(HL_?KE7$XP]L`QV$![FJ9P2I?
\`W'GMW;P]5QCXIV(ZS?XXFW\&ZB(OD<%Q




9UL8(FS9;'()^.L^((^


B_F*R24

M&




M%$CAIV+:




WOW@'\1G(.
M+G#=WIZ\PU][_SH[?7?\_NV)







01JK



1


M


M:Q'KF2+64[+S'K%N'8*W
:H%D&G#VY8('HPE&K9.6@]FW==D6


MU[?AH3-N(]+_D%
I9/!J47@Q-P#HO'PLS(U
M9^=$Y:=G2E@?7YS^M#&I^)^:+/O7B^++*GL)WW_L:*=_&%[Q^^75_DLNM77




#6/3^3!P^O=T%


/P@(S-ULS`-BFZ*8

M_;U#^`)*+
'^0CR15G/H][(+6$91262?@^=[S[Z-VX4=$AW%6W*=JA'GL5X
M;48[0V/6$XPUY;01@D[U8FZU1O@PUBBU==MY3YPVFUL*:KI6``JXN0HL1`+

HBPG




_-8C'[GWN*#;B/#E#][A*4MI%0
M:]6/];R;9EIH]ANUS:J\\NDW035M-!&Q0[U,$)[B)&:'EMWBVPQ6VWC57;


%\F1*7


M^.SG^7I)K!
TA
L(+3WYE%C$ELK3.L)ES$?RG&*#JB4P(EEF6L@BW4/&DC=2


_YF'Z-+N;:V&EFL*8%0I


-Z




I?T

#!A@N23=0ZF[5(I8ZU-OM0\X
M/_*S_N^,_S=\Q&&7]3/QZF





MQE/*M/UB
QFK_**G5MOO-9/V]]+Z?
U#TVT$H:;I_=(^`V;)X%:/]ZC/N@

ML_:0
\LW=%NT/^!;H
D4-=(

MSRU;RGP1'BDI$$(B^=
LFK:9/HUO-S3W8-%W'J=P9=W)&%VG%LW2[JNC+&3FLVMZ
?'6IIR`



M:

X_1AYYIBK(0Q(?S!21-F=8JBA;N4\B.&R(@)Q.(LE/&

M4PQK;!%I792;3FM(IHD^*;+KE(2/[RY4J$=827.55(3Y8!

=A)7B(LK&2#A82[9S+)T6GIBR/<,ZY5*L43T
M5PAUQ)4R.'(HA!3LH'-,!#=AOR?VB-D\8GF.1G-@-L0L!AS=)YK8;61)Y$
M$C/*7_@589.:Z7NHNBPY!D505IM7('(/7`W0CH(ET)M\DPH]<P)4*NOB!Y&
MN^GD


M;



M6CR5`BOOJ12O9E2S;6V@4`K2XC(3H?KFU0(#9
E29DLB_L!K51LXW/]6[*H9

U&5_8
NR:QM2FV2



M7S$!T]%5499=$9]T1/SLK@LMVM)$5IV=B[T4_WL?FK1NS7B84K
H#KJDL^)P



M9-\JD9V';T`@%PDM



<^FOCNS98T'KEP`YT)5[GN0(@QI#'(OF&_HP

K*@4[;M@B:SLI/O




MVB0HL9)`)C(PHBUF'LT66)^)43X?N#!4@P2D1#@R63?:NO!+:MT[@T'&8T


3(!=UOA$.U8^-34U#91(T_W1U`[BBLGDDF

-D6-
D\
^B)EI##[
EEJ;0J)-Z;(Y





U

*C]=RB_]K#93PWU3Z]JH(.QU6%10
MTSI0/UA;5TL2LY!)`2H0I3G=!)7RT$C),J04<#%EU%Z%LV%
FG*0-9]%PVM



_F
MF=9]R^AB
)

'GHR:9PXD+TLD
8&]FM
MS6I5JD?)DP6^+!!%E9+8)HFWLXL98#+G0

M-V)ZGZ(

*'F-4G/SF/3LM_C9F!@&)SST:J@
3^;$M

%
8GYI8*!UI
MWIH%6%IHB]BZ#V&E*PC6/SQ%7VDRMLT$$O8RL$89*/F]D@$JRMO%',#LDF

M4@71_X]+OE]N0G3#08_96LE:NY%@G\.


6W'M!3(F!$X=G/\]OP.LMQ70ZI7'F_S3C:IV+(C0/A(0(MX0


+D\JPEW


($27G$M_B#A#^4BDI*.F4I`91
6$ZFZ1H&$VTFZ_42_7[=;&]'+X'KVRM<MYB


MA_W2HPC4A#






73B5)G00.6.W=HI.YS[.CB5'K4UK[9U


??V:?



MOQ-:CJSAV?:BSE6ZU\F8



*96YHPQCP(0SN\LIGJ

0[\TXO+ZA2VO=$9277+XPJCP8JOCAVDB(*1ZQ




30P\%-[.@'02RFTXQ!5Z?:4J6NF@#M%'M7

MSVD
4W)YEF[DQ]#C'20-VP397$JS:@I640Z[;23L3/8*-N4U*P\R8WH@D+?
M$!


9F)X[&*W6(C$G;&#Y`6)]KAHEQ==?X@.J2'
MX6Y_8-/JB`F&TB]+JVK/SW2/)/KGM0YV_F0GN]ZZV!HB3


GU28N;AISF(R:



;0C@


MS]?6&R:]^.29ZVCT
'F.*SX.1
?.5?:FQD-F04_



5*5..YO8^=PQ_T#


A

MU/MM4N_=CNB=+YOP$H=-_Q#5!Q1_L=N?Q1QT+

M=]55D

M`M.7-1_P
'BEY^G5VVG0O.I-:X0U*K3H?X`R.V,@E-)S5%(X&4]?R8PZRP)
M$QF&(QF,J)8QV$H&`Q


M6W(]O?&(.*UQ7JC):(^/












G

/6J%1-07#/M9HI.
M\2K4P?
FOC?6]LSXKELETIWBF4S?
AM+`DPYF$^
P8Z7E0GC;
XOB.(KF@(+


Z?KXL).9:2$JR`,)3YAB8[H
M,3P=RXIK@)\:,VR8)\@8M0<HU*8P_HK'YTNGA3AE7^)C.30J;N;O:MDZ634








V
[-1'FK-T2*P$5SH
1=PY#!1NEEW8Z
LJ1VUW2

M%GT/'D7Z.L%/M&AG#INL-[P4U+M^`9U[5L[%=-9^O]RB9O
MML9'*.M\R;%TX!Q[@53!#(30#5V;#O1C[/P3BVZ&+V#2K9&%3/X](PO




M
X
MQ'^G1/-A6DDT)0/I7@C;5VDZVH%,L55VXS@I;3JOHV-V+3.!1G3!9V(D_FZ
M9%W/G=,(H6ZNMTDRX&U\$+WK)4@C4=(YIE0E##$^,M;SQHA&N:AJ#1&)CW%N
MHH3`?55!MX*64-\,H_S&&)*R6A6J=Y3V*7%&.$**/D%B=A;=-S1KCY\C8[S
M!*DZA#Q5@CX[^4([;VJ]$[=]F*WI#YEFI[S#9]XJ#7=XM'NX_U#IU;J%2O=S
M00L=.S&]HVV;M)/







T;=F+R89OE&='NXE)@G-D#0WF:`%R

MWRLXBZ88]A^NB(:Y=8@M?!-FF
\^PCS2N!@3%2=G9B3YRK`B3QG5*`'ABK'I
;8?^JC\SU.MTE/L;D+=
M,6D+`$PJ+'RW#Y_?&BCD=O-/;`<0D@E'OHBMN4@<






[X^IUE`U7X





6^-7:X/(^16@G89E6423.FB;RQ'-FP/-TC

M
`@A.D%.4P^B3;/.Y/#!=^&-=]Q=1`SX)32%)&0.8WB`=$.#DF?`6%ZH(L
M46
PT7+

P'T@=<S4:9]^S,!6PVP\562&V3<W#A-UKU&([R#ZM=7L











MX^V=:.;+G8@B]G-=/^*^;*4?Q_5!@E8KNL:M)!Z=4)6KTMLR'E$-T0YZ?$I
MQR?O(9NJHBJ+HC

3\:1EF]A+-EW%]

L
MBFOBNFY.C^*[U*<E35<(
AS6PIO1PB3X+B+Q
D+V%:+X2XC#+KKG=7N=MM$
MQ)


^3





M2@F_`0C

Z&I.VYI0@O7E`-;<J/F<%SJIRS



-UYV]

M5E_03/3QKY+*;`IIK6VVRO




MO



F6E)L$;]
3NVDY93334
MAU;2:U9`FB09$OPAK+W&FJ*'#HR;S-JSY6?
/N3030#\KC&
$S!V57E+%%




^XFFN#&Y5AV_;
MA%E-2ND(\

M.7&V$;L[$+VLNT)
7=B&4Q=RX+LSGN*2-V6.IL7#2^T$W!3_=$@^V7^V*$^





3AE@=F[XB4

RHQC!RDA@%&R];


MRXL_/'^8;N+?:+R9M\P
ZIC'6U6%

T?E7XLGIEZ0?=-0HS!M])
&\V5.P-N2[##E?(KS=`0*[-)S20E(`6O4H
M[:Y2;*#QR






M[




(
HIHU##Z^0M

M4;H(2$G/9[Z/)(YR($LMK2`%AYQ6Z``0=Y`KT[



)

M'CCICP`UMI#?2$K0RU9FCOJ4GE%!%B-0PEA#!E(61V3P)WOA`3#A9`N5++_@


M5X/AQT'6[^_55FIU7&8N=*=B)PQN!C$LQYDL]W:/]T]W#_;_;5?/W?6AJU^G


\1U`*6I.Z@`F&L:B;=#NM+BG+&9*8L
M-D]T&AE?O//?L;A81CCU%;*?4S'X%&Y96I?`EJ\MM0VVBMPDD4]2*OR`_1J

M=BZY1/$-Q&_4_!%^05-F1*H.CD._?#?YY$QJRE&8%]OR-78BN).J[K6I-+1!



A*W

1&
M:BS:O2S:U2@F7['



7[J:


M-QRLVD7GAV'V;Q@J/UX.:_-BYPV'*'T62Q9##
ZIT#.RUTJ8)X49ZEK2=U&V


M..X2K06ZT3%3O



MQNC
]ZH*5/^RG]ZB+E]ZA_AQKCLE):;X%BHY?=@*#(-(*OL4NNNP)+ARJ(





M





[/3WUO@*YIZ4)%&3D%BE45?M!C2
MTJW5X?.=%)'2%#3K=
C\5V^7-E@=L.










M=5YS6L#5U+[\55^+$0
19\:/D3/4G85G


T.OFFIA.H
MJ4).\[`;4!:E_JD7]TU2O8]SI
WL;S%C)6C3?0@ZJ^\QI1H
YK'ZUY0:L/EK




M8T]!`:+Q%?%&H$?6PR+VX

M6NTQCL?(N
Z(.6C]5*8
M5ACDU9`[+_@<CB<[FY1]2$2LLT!&;=UCZ#UT9\9V-VO<=+Z[W.LH=[%&$_V

X##M'-Q/8+TVIYR03L%&^+GC=DGX$
MBYKR%&X#BI

M-4Y4VT+(8_DEVU0E143C;1
?^_]A!VJETTFV\WJ9L6;(RE/&9ZW!V1$30B
M'/\J%E]W30




;1\XHW/KU`MOV04O,NI75@#[K+\&^(&\+





MHQW#$92Y#MN
U+;T.+EWR_S@5FMGNPO+A[\S#4QW+3/!26*CB)8!PI`F-$Q
MH2$7=H$I!FC:6B(H_FOVX?+2+]







0XG01UCH:0BKZR?']^@I
MQ4WQ[-+
_%IZX:VX%!-BZF+LFU
M^#*[N7LC0

!FF[/86?F[?C\U^$UIO-4S;OLMV\RW;S
M+MO-N^PT[[+3O

M

M
M#Z8V)!PH'0SN%3.K:D^QE_&G!E.'`Y3YU.4N@@45


M(IBY:F!^N9#NR*G$.I=2RNT.&1/(\?9RB_


M]&[\DT4S];AFZ?:R$F.=/`0.X.J6EX$

'KO%7
;3^%#L#,FW&TC?:/='B0CF=


'Q!:LB&V&W0?&E?B.J$7EN02CF`V8P6L07(/LL)#F^%LB&KNF
MIQPU%W89DB9


X7S1$J
MNVM%B(5\
12A\N6\1U^0A(TDNQFEUF(9TJI#!$[QY^%8HUYD+W/ZT8S/@1:B

%<$O:<[_T0'`+QA/&
MWN%/BDM:!


V?P)C



E]0Z0!A)MN3873E-&\^N=P-$&CB'=
P?
MU09*6
#51C(N?

M$9*2&O/Y`XE2]@-;452@*2@P?80#[W]*@Z+5)RZO!Y:4K4R+X`!#I(U\DCDZ
ML+Y)UT,/DC.,&G)AT.Z[IT80SA+F?DK_,*?C/ME/^%0=I++P$((O$B[RH\




U23KIF(E]@

ME:?9RBM+_C[BWZC6DSUQ2OO1/;X&
:DJ4RD&


[)[\)[3WW]]N/_=_IY=,,/U
M7PE6CX\.]LU';'V\M

MJ[4


O@V$^@&1F9?!L/8R&.9#
M%A99]C(8YL,?%IC9!TDLTGD9#/,!%XO,O`R&=9;A89UE,*RS#(9UEN%AG64P
MK+,,#]MP83@+G//&,ABVL8PMK$
AFTL@V$;RV#8QC)(LK$
DFPL@R2;RR#)
MYC)(LKD
DFPN@R2;RR#)YC)(LKD

VE\&PS64PK+L





\G1P-YIL'['5[]:!B#Y]Y$/7N57-Z/A%'
[VE

MP%Z(/-K(7XSVO-!YM#5_

_;Q1]MS5^
`KTE_M'6_
5HT-O^
M'VO-_M'@T4;^8@+0/U


MB5U5KWU88*V9?O7(J7I5[&Y6VR$82@X
Q)$#0^`:='T'#RBW`T/@'2RQ'3R@
MMG8
ELT.#


J?A

YZ[%3G<^YG6<


C'9CWF=6SF

Z]@QR&2=/8-LPV-:Q[Y!-NLQK6/O

UZ3.O8

KC^8?]W;5![L!_W/O3WE




-H/ZE]PB:/F60DV_L%%CIHG)ACM
(9QGE3U9F`&E$_7L*<0,5CI9
MSYY8S&E$_;LZ<8



N:*D

P2/8D0+#\G6

M+*[ESP=T
7[AQ



L[%HH_5I8QSL?AC12GC7P

MY\P(5?LY




ME-J=F7:2N(SE5(T3_4#D('NS7]]XCS;^4%F&W#X`C:@L`5L((0*V(!J%[!
V
M+G$E/CS#/O'9OW3:)[?M85DM%&@-W'<C[3^:7G8;M/^I^K])DW1;];'?4JC

15'!(9





$16)=X@HJ5]'
MD/JHD52O(Y:(FW

MD!Y]-(F/VS@:9


Q)

N(



1&[][@:C9


M-]U.

;GXM_
MDOK[

MO^XISP6%47\KDLP]*-:N^K+95JNT`V9W^+Q;7:\6Q_TC=HUJTULK);OJ70+\


M2DW;#AX


MUY7;_[Y+TPC[E





R^L0-VE28,D=XB9-]PC


M_P



0


MP=L
3NP;1@27O%0^V`46]#3F+



;38A+/@R?(

Y!9;T<68FM)N@5@_5T7N/@Z3[VYI0X_P9JL8LW[57-TDHL7CS.HG02]5[2
MU5F)`Y==`Z?%/;BHESLK.<E0W!G)1;.-A-[UG9X0[]CL6&M]&I:PLD4^A
H


M970R+GAM;)19VX[;-A!]+]!_

BPE

/[[_O=[%MU:NOFL)S+.S&?58=5LZX/

(AW8YWW;=







MGJJV^U3[D//9ZFO;-?M_$20]J7
014$TL*??U:U!%DBHG]_'LBL?'T[-RPR:
M!H9LCZ5O07D/@?W$-*3G[8D!&?_

2U4DF7I




2*1




JQX

](V58NAKK%R$`=6%PVLV
MM&A
T(OTS;*O4-(C@JPV.6&0H(
]A!F)!T&N=I::)/8].K9+R[*2$X8ZRPK_

M4_I-SP#9)Z
)68WB0S4&
SL


M9K2X^A
&:3EI%%/H(@)(!PH]R$S4:GJ2.?1HQHT-G1
&N?F-FQN+;X0Q3FAC



EUF*@U
6@*YOWYCH%&D
MHQ7`%#

HDB*PS
MP0TMEIIA
I6JX)0=$YUD%&9L%
&]0#]X3A@D*.'-P5N9Q#B$@1VQSL1@QS'!






6
48V4[3_OL=XP`)
MM&N6/!`NW_G.=[YC?%A?/?

JJ/
:_?MY-%A@I3:J4
ME**B


M=*X5.JYYZ2Y=8-JL4P85&-N1I%F

KH:GVK5*C1D%P;EAC/


MB[K9J+=PW!H3@OX&*PVWD.@#




M4(=HJQS]_W%W

#*6M@5M
M5
MS_
(-OEI^_+#8*/UH:LXM`H;6Y+BVMIL38EC-)36!ZG@+;TJE);5PJRMB
M.LUIT0?)AL1AF!))18L]PUR?PZ'*4C!^J]A:\M9Z$LT;:L&_J45G=FR2G4
G


MC8YSOB27!)B6BT)`!J[L2/

K3:?M2B^BI9#




7=!(?'(D[D'37CR9S
)9


M[L:MW^&ON/P#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#X.]R:9@
```T+```9````

MN*B6-IFXML6J1*2\VBSM7S\?;V:VI32M4EJ(BBWM-Z;LV]7'#XN=D
\J9TQ;
MX*%22SO7NIX[CDIR5E(U$36KX)]


MX-






30)XD




BP9UCH<SA450G&;Q7;2-Y93Z)Y2RWH-XWHS9Y-
MLG/H)-7WF_Z*=D#Q5JTPCX-I!A)MOA2=TK3=0N^'Z.4LCWWL)C02\&T
JJR
WX%MS<(]




MGT-B(.HD1K%INO]^RRD3YP*[=%Z`P*FJ4\?E@[WZ_%:5UBMK1
'KM4T6KFVQ

V)\WO_^V.O/F11P8DQ9DJ
7:/DAY
M7#J.R`ZL2L6'UD-O^QX4Z42'IN](XX-2_,VJH=ZKJA4Z5%;6.&97-/#K[;



M
0PRQ_)-8/LK;?F@BO_:.ZI<$L=R37[#$Q0Z_K(PKKT^C6
M)


M_P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`SG
\&T0





M9WEUB

&(%0B-H]2GM:6
M)=(C*Q.QXB=6P9T]K\M$PF5]L


M$0$

$76_H


M[XUA2*-;SZ7ZA5\P#G/V2



TBU5P$\
M.#7NUG@A^:G93W=<PD[<?#S?R`&2YZ]@N`]Y_)ZH;;W[E_5]E\```#__P
`

^6



0]Y:P$`O#N

MG\H)BKT01TEZ@Q=?





MZ_*L()C5^]


EIVA*3\E0?47B

[MXCT%6(BNL#%:ZRBJ4+`U)TW10O-'0
M8M1%58&AV$)61F%NCHTV$I/A96QOJZGM57Y@X]PU8J*ZP
5KK**M370X.M
M1%58Z217505ZGIIK/043^EI..PR5&M(5%\:[,W.]P!!@X.#7^`NO\&+*R


25A**IS:JH2ZAG6U$GQ;?G\WBNC&W7Y

I!$B31I;LIG$G99&%*
B-=
H7OI2N?Z-
@F9G/;O(\

M``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`ML)CT=`

MQZM

M]2(

(XBM*P9*+R$6&A+L&0VZW(
M^+W

MJ=BF@+R?R81E+;:[&

%$(!OKQ2V-4`1



Y0F
MUUR3B-*DQ-*:)0Z0E'W;*`'M.)KV2_3PSJ-@M,N`.J!1A0;(XGF\20Y(T!Z
M#0?K-.*0GG!`HP0KTCT;`#]^W8!K-




84W[*3OYJ$:5TU-NSR
#DS:G\B&!EKAT)[069Q0TE-%&KBS






5W1;Z


M`!^HIHN9%#L'N@9\JIJ:'B138-Y'ACILK.=A1@-R9UAF;NIZT`4NKSLB!Q

MB)BDHR0*+*2G`7KP



MD!0*R`@A2=Q)X$Z-WWY\`8#200&R-*0%!;!V@%^[CGW[PJCL[A_YO1&`W\
M=]V._A&$_L
HL;G)$RND6
!A*Z
J




M-:3!I&N7?AZNFH[DU'A
NU2WQ4`4:@B3(.WZI:_AJN%(3DW']'@ZMBC40(+Q
M^-QP-._Y*QKBU'A

M$Y*DI#L^*`



MT`B=RZ;
Z

9FM'*NG3-F
M106*VTBWT.70AO%'2Y-R6QK@.==DJK9((['3''9T$8FUL8NBBD@+46.P6-

1EQ
$







R\T#!EH@(!\&G5W+0&.$*?N^\=SW6YM/UH%L:N



G$:GY-AIM6;SX/@C!N/A]0_,6./.LB(P]/HN'4QG:8<?9V'3@$
M3W1
*%%VVVBM=P_;J?);SM

M=/_^M/H+``#__P


T@'\PH
MFR1+5C+#OKS]9ZI0MVMOT)1MR3ZB+XZ42#8@UV!D_@8^QIOLHOJ8W8I#95
M-UX^XC_&:?A\&N&G
5






4A&KTN6CE3E3O_V$9Z




D#JJXN2AF%2!L5;@H1(I)4U_-'X5'BY76P$D(\
MDNIE4^39Z-ZDUP09Q4@;-2F6_'8!%*A;@EE
*=V_GE**
@::

]\[C64;BT41
/+@76@%3D(1.C
MBR&O#SJ*EC9JXB&D):FN]D%'@=)&3?([#%(-S-B;!&O`609?\^FE6S'PB$3$
M71`;-?'A=C_YP'


9PQOP7

9^*)O+O;I
(*F@D<$TAL0[YNF?WEAGOT8GLFY_P\``/__`P!02P
$%``&


MK27!.NAG^ZYWE7:-JW^!7:?E)?S@II2-)344N#2.%GBL)O2M
'Z[;[]G7;8
M;[K'G\O@)]6'*&XT-H]#WQG[']8V_\```#__P

1:P
AV-KO__HP]A(+3W9*]






MKH%WJH::/4@6X/D2&7)TL;X6*N`9)W?&R\I/?0^B4%?IW4VGR^#)\AIWFHV
MUQHR5&POE



F*7




M[&5R4Q^VZF&]@
?MQ*VJGR!LO:
2=%
W-F.



WG.D]6



R$[O9_OS2#AM=43W

K
V-OU.&]!?

M9#=!-'L]C0]S!TUNL^=I42M9.4E@07?E^PM@@HB%VDT1+(#F0@'

MWP31[&YY(3MHH`J*I7(U4P!:HX%$T0MN(T$%D`#!:@T^J8ENHO=*^_OP0V



RUBDE(XI@-\R6@`7&#)CG
ZE.*1A1A$BHA?*@

SK%8IQ2+*((:Z(L%UZ9A!5A

M2IF(H@L58$Q.T=BG5(DH@CR5[,%8.$PB^!0..!B_@XG-T&+!IF`+I@&PC'
M&LSOT_-%FQ

;9-@&T@6




*`%1=(4'%@55Y%#HO=MA'4#D/$@IL]I_3:?8LPL
M,*K(*3&C8$31JR6YE&GPRO[UP6VFT!2+EBIRXS2$D5P;B@+8VFF
,W4@H5/%<&G=N.M01
M5XN9_9NS&&JC$
D92B*@&$S[9S$&JC:'J*4!3A]9Q9A_@JYR*VBAJP=48


MR9E&8.$QC^!14CRBZ'(56'3



D+
W
T3*P$B=%'ISP7T
M:Z8K6
PL(\S

D+-@E(315Y7N.X-NX+%S!)P&'1%02^\4735

1'27V_^O1R)[+0#XNA582AI6M*







_


M
%#TH?5`P((6@M
M@Q#A1&TZO]B+;%JHAI19M`Q97HQEL$MC-&S3)O!SPERE.6(N7&J)



M*7)FI6DK2@QG-8Z&


M5C)F5:?=$+
IZWC
7:5G9S16-_ATDLE3*O*JXL19V8:I06QSR1#EB`J+7-:6

MHV@TFKI:6Y=TUL;MY06BTB*:P6Z@9]80'X(44A5]7

I@RH%N0S7KR%=1`I%#.**:/39
M






M$HFQ8B@U:*SFPGY9!8^4
F



M-KOHO+165.-T`\6*2[B7TO\I96R$9:Q%7'IMQ?(K
58
I191N=)%=$94[6NF

RY!E+*
M$.6(D0EHDH@&;
J+WG
:@U/HO;6\

1]XJBDU#RG:[
MBA)$*:(

M+W%56DSI;5W[NNK5;V*.L/HU2.UNW58Q'GD/Z&-GU64%HA11ABA'5`J$54

GLZU6%(G9_N@+L[9

&QFJ
MK?NE:4[V#^IZT/T`Y_%_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`WF%V_LL%``!P
M%0``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Q.YX;6RL6



M?5/M65)W=KSE
G*ZJKW8G&'=S^$@AT-;-RFIW[KF
G*2OCE7(XQ_.+77`=FZ


M#.0P+H#.X0

M!)ZQ%VLPC(5O%\$HAD(X$GDBP7L;M

M*0:P^=?'
/`?G*]@S5K$;

J&&2:7?7]EP#[3



#;8TO)QH@

M1$R(!Q2'1(NM?GB3E%8VPXAL9P$L59'A@&R/PR:`J.09G7;(?E*BP%W_/%3
M9QAW.L1@5N$9#EXE.J/4%O-4I&H^$

]FNN?('N&0YA%MG4]%HN(1D0B/


-V5/OX+``#__P








M+`4)/`4)6J11M(S3Y/XJ()))`4])XB\2Y&?A)T@200)/2?+YGL#D9#V!IR2Y


H%8`#T28
ME0;_@]*4!:JA*QA(X&K-(%1MHR0*;D);$V@,('2!H3J!5`*QMFF%EV$--5


J


M:2&51A)F26QLB;6:HLF`X

`H][=QO%'$V8A^H8NZHQR4&/2




#)%[IC@O
M-:A8RNC$#_H(2@P
MQ8B!B%O)1I'Y)7
HJ3!R&*4F2
'KW0H=WDY%P^?D'#
M/[A[/!SP



I$+FPXO9((K
M'_;O$:[X

M_&4ZN-D?%A_/B_?MQ^IA\
=J/_CU\:]_N?^QW7W;OZU6AQOR\+%_&+P=#I^S




PH`A1TNRI'GY[S
;C
M^^%OE

6_D*J6P)+8BP,S/)9`*2`VD`=)*HL9.Q:7&;BHN'AM1<Z;H3$,=!B8B
M#):,:;+IPY$US:W1C'-;U1-@YB51PQBNY\^787N&2CL9WR2&B-1B.=`U7O
MQ\6\[HD_/7ANE.=L'*/GMO=#GE6$S:*O0GPZO3IS'5B'1&09C=.^(G)$!:(2
M486H1M0@:A728S8K_N4E%5F!0N:NRQ/#LDQ6ZLQU;'/E'!ER[DA63E?!2-*
M
8=*1!6B&E&#J%5(A\&L]S(

MU



MQOG&E'CT,GUK'561U8AH_%D',^4D)6$*GB,9/``Y9%%(BL*1FH5@H856M6(
M&D2M0BIWZ';IFC%WYEJ].B3&SA8A8(=C-Q;N50H&(G)I414(:H1-8A:A708



5













F0[+&UGH<;.#EW#P\D_+=8]#_79Q7J2L
MV\3LX)#LLK4*.A-N3W%#;37U]P^ZR]?)KQ3EET.^



*

2T05HAI1@ZA52(?!R`M9#&;JONC-QY2%B1_%DT
R(M;J




(^TR<@;+=7'
MCI`WJAP\\I1FU.MC\9Q/9_FQ
RC:&8^OT!?]-HY'3D:@8CZ;+?X(#;49WO[


`4$L#!!0`!@`(



M#^
_?O_RRV(\ZB[KXW:];X_-P_AGTXU_??SK7^[?V_.W[K5I+B/(
MRVDYF72;U^:P[N[:4W

MR_



`/X_.NQT:0`CZQ_F\WVWO;P^C//Y


^


M;

T-RO#VN6EG
M
S?B8(5(;HFL?82-!7GCZ3+K\P6=W/`KS.B`_FHB'BC6L1?\L+RPB8U/H3


M=0S)&%(



MQ2`^IX0DY-
[6-;0:U@L$3#!*MER*KU(@JER1(
8BO8)6B%A,')\U3$D
M8T@QB

243F.(8FVH^2)F


)C#%
3ZO02J4QRJ$4-4_6NK'







M9DDM4.




M)!'R[F*O/H;5E%68C;WCC9O)(/$LHS%$B%X9^0]*8O@G-44F$$]T`M`I&7
ME
SWFE;!M5.EO&:YN]CQ!0[2V#+66(3\]TCDE8&WMYI@GI(BO1=)#.+S'*2A

M#[$W6G^KI
#







`4$L#

M=#(R+GAM;*Q676^;

MW-QA)!6I







M6U?RUB)1[]O.1;Q

M2P
-+5&2I62Q22R/H`[X'#8NWOV.$IB
M3!P%MF=F]]]?4^RFFMV:K'*XE_5.N=@BBT6RI%B??OW]^++XWIW.A_[U9AE=


_



M

:%:+6\63#BL


`98W\S([I4CBP:YY:@S(TA


DBE+1


*=]
EQ=+N`W*AZK:A


='Y^##
0@
M/_M9(J+QO;WGAET$6.2W4D-;#54:JC74:*@-H'#(-K'-'S+FN['G=_8VP&ZO

M
/
_3Y_(B

.AIJ*)U
M6F1I*D4ACG:*[?E\IPQL(8J+F1![:&SWR`K3?+3_
BBAENWIWABEC,+1IJ
M'*NBY(XBX7M6J)
6
5&R=GK)W;!DZ\?@K@JCF4OZNV;)2)]E]@06*
JOB%!
ME6;5&FH(@O;LBC*P$FO&S;`S5?!Q;U`!82X@YBB;R
%;0E?/Y+E)UI'0

'J
A.WN&`K!8^.@=*_!`O!8S4F+#
MP`/8$`^:-
O23:'VU^=C%+K4@U!6K.XUBO#%XI5

MAFN)
K%UV/`XWR:8/OGB08A+XJ#0)JG8U

M5P?689OJ5NB3)C$AK[YBF!NY8H@Q!69)*J3V7L6:

M-03Q
T:'
F)-&

MN=+M:@TU!&&I=).932%R84LD[1;SH:PZL
-81A3!:%P2Y%1L1Q97A:\
38

M!5N@C14POV(CJG2;6D
-0:Y


MVWQ+E`FCV$`Y7Q7

M^

M@;3PKR:V-9XVJ(.2L`D_3UNE&.*S2S6H--03]B5EX%X([9/LKG`_(XB)G
M(`M7!8
IH%9
K$8RN'*X1TR06Z8P-!7QY;%7&X5?SU2.&6%@I@6PLHW%+
M'.T5^S?&^:(
['!;(8B)@E!X`F5BJRM'%@UE2Y#SRB:.TTC&X(HX[/S14$.0


M2T3



-03CG)HNR7#Q
:(DS



3@0_MBR3@3UQK


?M2^[U)?=ZRK$[

_F^C/T


M3)!#_;8^P?B/K]OWHXVVVPP)MUL?OGU__[)I=N\0XNOV;7OZLPTZ'NTV-]7+

MZ%`_WXT?@IMJ'HVG][=M@?ZSK3^.WG^/CJ_-1WG8/OV^W==0;9@G/0-?F^:;

MF$DXUY$VS1L







TY

M*9&2J*(S$@-X[!3=):L_S

M$E4$T93UIC$\9;/%P.Y@1_X8(/*G5*!
6N42%1*5$BF)*H)H?E=M?D&W^[G\
M$'G+/5J%K;I'&6.L/)2C512UFV0
9RMWW[=.A;U:VE6SE$BQ.$$2+6D_56AA




M%0D?Q4Z?M$
M;2P77EE$PJ=.R;6.U:7PM*I:0OSEJJ(.\1L5D5]5@VBCIDS*
M9EKIP@S-W;Z9(TI-XRSBY3R-6-\4:`/![4I1RDB*1@JC
`FCB!6^(J%HL;3`

\/D9^?



M@

M


A
M96W-4D;D3ZE`6210+E$A42F1DJ@BB.9WE88$52#R0^2M!&CEJ8I
HAP1?.A%



















``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`'W\Q9I!

/
MS)]/JB('
%;J.J5)%%

U[I&E+Z!I8^+SY^F!^U



M)1D]S

]KP`EZY*61M204Y'HVC
6;2A)2'A=--&Y2M=AC.



MAN\+]!T



MW`HG=7'

M?AQ_9.O


19$4#^?[ER9LM'Z9?($=W:+.A





MIB1(-$D$X4=Z+XEKSW
@C&*E)''7#,90O0$6=U[8BOK+(S0:&V/W?F.M[

T`DG[_N?V(#/=MR$XKP&(XLR;=

./F



44)
M12E%F8'





MB-Y)2+2R$M)Z*@F552^D1*)F*BK3?UC::.E(T6I1%=3.Y-6-/YV(V
O+YY

W`9F07

ML0T+V0\4YM+

MW*5O/?QDAG-SM?.J_

A75@FU2BG*
MC(:F%+QH_G$I1.EM2(%(EZ(OT+6\\:QS(H![%'SW-!).($\_8`82#JWP)?S*




M[L&(+VUU`3GA/DK5POV5[K\'N*]4P'NAV02
MGZNJE5]@4-/^!M33OP```/__`P!02P


MI&+^IV#[P*K
Y`]F@
'@S



$__SVV]O'/[_=WWWL

L.[;\^9X^'77S]]N#\]?/CKR_W7)YGDV_WGNR=\





M;P]_O\)2PG%X_/.N+
SJ79G5#K=


M;6X./[S]!PKM@\:\YY@J1MQ:1F%,NTI@W,&EPSJ#)H,V@PZ!]YED$;5-^_

F@S:#SH$@!)97$&*Z%U@ME&B4








:1FU`48]BY5ZVILK(U'44
6SU^8-2G
MF+Z7Z2-V,71@15X?0;%:<B\]51(5JD712L[B7LTI+99QK=O&+4!12V*4_1:

M7*^



MFRH=JM:BN'YP]!9)I3;7+:I^!JCG]@L8G1B=&5T8U8P:1BVC+J!8'L7./7_-
MK


M1?[0$SJA&_2^98PZ

NH!BSL6+5@,XMC8E`T
M?O1;F(.2X`[_N#:1KV_'*



MB1H;-IJUM#50NXL:J+\LKE__CIFG[]6Y,M/T%SY250JOW1%?M;I0_GI0F_
M]6&_VR;Y:Q[5
&H-H2Z_WQ`ZBYKHA\67OVP9EY%I&2OR.@J:*TB)2@69KK'/





F9+R@VBGS.@G98^T-KV.3[Q4XZ$%%V4
^*?'DPJADUC%I&74!1
MAN*1_1J:D:&$IT.OR


M)OXYJ*;(JR9HQD?UGZ)W2&Z%;?(UY!@UJB;3EV]=AJ7)NQH\L&'4&K+KT?WJ
M
8/FUMBC/V0LXL.3'203U%7CU!KH&

7NA9P5^9P%

458@%T


G*(E*)ZATPCAOAJA1/45VGIFZ0N!A#:/6$)K;]YMV9U%\
MSMHN

^0U

$I

L@







22GK/UZ?;-/+KRV$%]3-%%K43+1H3JL\J^
.@N9.%T5A[M`.3'$03E%

5F

MR




70+9!!
M_%^009&705VB]QB$SGM!H6T0JCFJ8=0RZ@**.1?WYG-^?ML0WQ?25^33%S37





VH8

'2];UB4ZQN
M6D/7^H;%3/2-[%6?+R3;UH

5-^E/V0='XT6\5E3W

$SN+XC/9<9D#[L-C`S;DU%/D&LB)T5F1=\
:D8-HY91%U!8

6D9=0%&&8E;]&KI^[CV6

:1BVC+J!8

+LA9O&?(69'/65!L%ON\S89'
M%945YR^7%85F(5$.U1S5
&H9=0%%&8HG7#.E1WN7Q4Y&40Y#K#2:

MU7!A5#-J&+6

M.A!%
4Q/%V0U#VP8M8:T64S^`2Z+F6@6Q64N4$_=K%=/D5=/T(S!/4H4*F84
M84-W2(Y1HWHZ4$SI:O(.21[6

M$'^J)2EY_90O\5&_@;E*-.;:$I[G4=XKW


M18I%]4MKKB#4Y;K.5-THP4A+!8$,:1/#`6A#/]\OUU`$1H*18A!$6)0Q+.D
M2#&P2Q11#QP44184$3;39*H;8LGN_Q'$:#;$&:E!-V(021B$(D81%(F/6KR
M9LHA9JJO%/NY1#2UOD$T94$TM;4X7$

M.3$.(@YO:7-!Q##7Y'V50PR?Y?#TGH4BBMGU]EKF0




D1P]HDAK(B!D6((7W/4OK%]2Y9B^*28QDIV4D+)WD
MTDXI3OM#F-4'%!$63W+$H`@Q*$(,BA#(IXE18J37:*(.-^HB+*@B#!W?8;T
.5X<<FK.RD+ZPV;XB8:FOY(UA




BB@+

M13Q+BA2CMT01
891$65!$3608SO!\T6)H2$Q19##.D30_K$D#XQI.]92K^X
M.I_^@A8CAA36SMYCSW

M20

:^(LF!CF)TK9:''

-#



M.


Z
M%(?V^V=9Z#:\@_4DZ$8


M1AV5!1W)^F(]$H-PH+U88:ZHCC(00QR$,-Z]RMQV(*EZ0O)C*FKRRD+RQ:
MGWW:)X(B0YBM%B@B+-8




M%'NX1!&QD[$@E(6$.;:=(GAH(0Y@KG
L&0/L4A?6)(GQC2]RRE7^RA3__Y

M[5?0U`]-FA8[Z37]9[6Y^_#NX[].]X\?[K_:-V\P4;E3S_TU?YSI8]:BT**
M)8UDG5%21%#20ES_002$4-)$8
BQ*`(
:3O64J_F
`EZ8MIC.DKRM*6.HQ
M:8L/B@QA5B!01)CK'5$&!0A!D6(01%B4
2SI$CQ?$L4$8\8%5$6%%$OZ6V




M6F;G:@P;)34F9;4_'E;YP:SUQ+AF@K4#NUKQW1`VL:G4/^3MA9**W8V2*@N2

)Y\J9E(QEXF&(J,
MXJ`(,2A#.E[EM(O-GA)^F*;8_K*0AD)B]^I'-)^Q09PJP^H(BP8/:801&*
M@R+$H`@Q*.)94J38X6*E/CT<[KPR+K^X-]6RMSW)TA?QCJ&](4%J\\
Z5



Z@:K1IE^;*;
MO`W@KQ#8P;5=+*YQN(_1Q*R^.`E0HIOCD(JT)Z?VV-A1@DHK&0B!CJB!CJ
MB!@4(88Z\BRE7^SKDO3%[L;TE87TA:7&DMPS5M809@4183%QD(
BA#(L2@
M#$HXEE2I+C/)8J(6XV**`N*'--!.D30_K8F


MSY(LQ7]F65;;-UC'_YZ?'KXTMQ_^JU?UY/+.@C5C:6GK#R5?U0/IM#VC&$

M

1





)TUH.@0YA15IGWPYG#8
MI7&0E


M.4F52=O:8(\J53

IV]/-$0I



MW*Z7=&:-Z3

M_6)#EZ0OMC6FKRRL

%=+6*/$4'



L'J=9,L':=9$E18K9](H\
M?XWILQ.C..)=@_O6N+G3F#V*$3

M/IH*\BF;.8U9V

M:@^Z$4.=T7M`*(J#4

BA#(L2@#$HXIDH\O;Q]_O[



M




^FW/*[DAS]3/C'NB(\
M$S;UCX(C

OCZ\^
MW_^*<^9-_WN;W(7LOS'D]ZJ_<O#$^Y0[N_:_OW^[N/]MQ*-<_*O#P]/]A_E
M#?Y^^/9'?U[^Z?\+````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`=$TKQ]$%``#/%0``



MN8]2#G*-D*P)R]*$V&9.M@G+RLOCAZL%\CMBMEL=!M'MMARY+(A#91@50%
M
A7(5:!0@9T`6#J`2D]_^@!&$A2O`8-AR8I'&5L+D%'Y*H0*HF0KD*EH
MP$X`I+!A=XIAWRXM?)V)







LQ

M248C'FG*D'#(G

/+(BY
@6

MMBNN;./%92+6
V0
[US76F0F7RE=EW$HTL%#GD!:%N`)GVJ@(;0G@-.?N
M;!P&B8I0%*'6R7

M+3J?.Z/S^1ZBN34B(Y79^NAGKXAERID:-&Q=T%?
+J^-I;K

`7


.[Y#YC:&J]B5W\#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````




'
G$ECJ6CV0`#^
M1G5E2@

M$0[LW7TV9XFD4KUO96$9#0Y^ROO\Z;%M7B.H&EBS.^:F!ND#6#YY9GF
OK[E
M*OAHC'PT5I:QCB/PHH/\?'NBE#PNOD%


M3U0





MSCR$&?I2L=&S&
M0)X*G!$=OBI@Q1:F@REL)6*8AR^OL#!BS4RA^%F/9S9B4
MJ20^0(


MHY`B\;B1X;F*0!AP85J094@I3Z209QF?8F:)$%)J7[UA+.^2$K
%@]:&P3'J
MW)F
K1QH(K'3*^'J2#-NC-
%\6!^\+M




M!L2['%(UHWS2N3=2M0(0C!B.)81-56+&X:5-
X3)`@R#WDCHY-TN9(JTY$:F
M%S0%;^!7+-04$`N5G
4TP`BF^&2G$1`U.]#[0SH\A88BQXKB0*?LSBPF4:

$\_TFR5.I#ER6%KJH$)VMB$&
`P,N;TI/TAOR0K%S773CK/BLNX<O6I<ZW!&?TC`L4';-F;FQ8R&*
M*T&T;W;+SYZ)VR/CNFRW95;N]UU4-_FO)O!=QX=3R+_\C


$%``&``@````A`'')NX'R
0G)R:GY[BP
MS]\^6@/QEO=#TUW7)MT14RC/E;=MCD^K\U__L[N0M
8QO*X+0_=L5Z;G_5@




M7
\D^\Q
$2&4B4Z+(A33(JU1F.*Y/D=^9_#_U;4I\_VK!



?D&@D0!$*RYLL]';),+(J,$)S'7.*I`\#092#&08
XHW-)BE&40P[R'+%C(P5([-CSA%ZW
`E%)7!AC.NGB082#&082#G
M`+_+'9V[32'%*(IACY




M






MQQ




';$W$:@]IF4$\(!O0QHTZY+&2GZ0-&9!TF:ZG0':
M500=AB;#&$$L!AK;H

M:E.*;V\#4V`
5M3
RG
1
!%S88W$6CHUJ(M5&DD\+61VU^:)^$WX!`M=E:G#34
M$MC[/8A9D$T`#9

Q!K(=H_[5G+YH<^2O@-*1=EW*B1JP%ZD'
IY!-`.V2$/B``6FCI60T1#NH


!8+;J*C@]JH^GN#7@X7L3$Z_D&(RGS!
M9K?/S;_`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`$X4GB;@A```AO```&````'AL



MQ3LW8F-C+\]J6;858UD.23T]\^_W`
@L9.*`(FMB^Z%M?Y5`91TDD%G%(OCA






M%?J?A_L_7\S?W[U\?_IS\_SPY?CP\QYR8Z#$/S^]/378+K[$A`:WU#K=1R

4H;6]?;S]]

$T^]NG


M]2#8_X=ZH9N@GE[W9P59SF$AE5IHD[8$JQ*L2[`IP;8$NQ+L2W`HP=$`)Q4B
MFJ0:3L.B=V(MU-`*#1&=6`U




VHQL

-HJPC!989^
MWLV

&^;N
M#XI\7SE=QKZ.8E51&:B/RM'<JZS(JQHB%1N5


BRLYJE%LY^4-U=OE*_%0BCVS

9L1^EG1KD
M-GM&!T4I?)M1






MM%WW.B8;[FNK*




SHH
M2IW
25@]'GOQPH:[E

MVC#:*CH1LGHX=[)G=%!T


.OGV//TI%G7-*4/ZX8ZE6&;6
5HS6C#:
MHQVC/:

IR;

0XY/F@H]%8TL_X1099QBU&=D0SVN%]Z]?E@_O

5HS6C#:
MHQVC/:

0XPL$_MO+Y3@T



-HRVC':



VHQLC)^HZJ;]4EXT+Q22
M_&:=2LA_##(J:Q?IJ[`Z4;M



G)[#8`R3.B6')
MJ&6T8K1FM&&T9;1CM&=T8'1TR(]@ORPZDY1I1SA\*E1OLD9%\O)4AK2I_)
MM8Q6C-:
-HRVC':


F4J#]7B19_AS2%Y\#XK,BN93HVVQEX^Y$@IJ5B?[
`L#9

M7+%8OEF


MY#*[GE-Z6ZI5]K-UR'D07E@U:Y;$N.T-2/5NP-*)]ZR:C-R$ITHJQ;]$MY

MH'PBHWVY16!ZHJQ;A.QD$\[;

=HS^C`Z.B0'[DR
MYYV)'4YTT%VN&J)KOQ:9JL-?8R?*.L6_1)=-]&D++:4JVRZZU#7JE:HKLL

V@7SY.]J6SDI&=

MQ\`2@V?$L*T8


MN0EO28;JQ@V@
)P9P?$2=Y`83G.=F6[?NZ:P-F:YYF


M6E46=MU^SB9K9O!
VF:[586M*VQ38=L*VU78OL(.%7;TS(]EW
FMATRR\YO]
MT*11E@=KJ2Q\I=LD%JI5I2G
=)ZL3%-EZPK;5-BVPG85MJ^P0X4=E2'TX$NA
M7$A0?92K)

M

0FUA:5M$?+#XM@$*E
3J$P
*@M+&R-
!OC/;P``
MA:D9%8&A855/8*RMDD1S*&&Z!/,4G/8=5SV?7.WK,*P:T92=LC*II[LKB-
M[B`GNWP)%7FD%=8E!76.IJ%N0E=:D9U4&=5U7E8&PK99H7!9BIV+7:FB
MG






ME5
MSI

\)L=Q%85MJZP385M*VQ78?L*
M.U38T;-IG_T2
F$63TN$=9OHV%3&*'DM#$`U5G:H:RIC
S/Q-5^!HJ^#Z^



M



9%K.,V&YX()GQ.`9,80_,8P4,8P4,8P4,0P&L7V%'2KLZ%DA
M4\\B3/<E=#)5BCU<T78HLC$4$Z:XN+


MC!@\([:JL'6%;2IL6V&[MM7V*'CIX5
H7490?S7$Q)JG
RV?0G:5)W0[2K

\Y*TG0.=LE1C
!B&%


2
;C4
2O6J:(V[C=H1S9





-U1T+G4Y



&LK;%5AZPK;5-BVPG85MJ^P0X4=/?-#&;?L


MHX^]KJFN215&$0E!E&)051B$)4814&48E!5



M0M7.3`
-JA*#JL2@*C&H2@RJ$H.JQ*`J


MU.S


MFL0@$S'(1`PR$8-
LK

M/6QE^N?O]O%L#'V5U]B1?#E1W\:?)V9!AI4)095B4%58E5&%0E!E6)055B

H2YX,&F8A!)F*0B1AD(@:9B$$F8I)&&0B
M!IDL*V0*]7`?F:1^=G
TL2+`\N-2#;#.S`08
2A'#

RA&#

`48

A&#3
0@$S'(1`PR$8-





?1^P?Q#T7LMVKC7B%$F*



M

)
G
@



M9.
0.=U59&!#^M80?`H=N
M#`-PSI6R_<;UW/+6?\$``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!1#0;\_P4``
L7


K]'


NNWBP7B&1<\[98HZM,G:0;.6R@8Z$.I`I`.Q#B0ZD$J`!4[H/0')









MBM\@NA_Y[4=U!8]\UAI0$=5Q')'.980$`D1$B$D1DBD%1&%&MMB))L[DAI







K'5]ZRHI`?')WL#98.=8X-&30CO[L

`4$L#!!0`!@`(


M^Z?QL[/




\5KNJ.#\YU(37AJC3O

&:JC`1I[[FOE=R4&O
R#.S\C0&






MH1
T)'L*C<V

!

R5SHU,]DOTWQ/VD-,=J^)U4XO'LQL%Q&[(,_7L]&V9
M\F^CD!XK(87K)S!J.I2*WG21!+Y


?

AY2%%$44Y10E%*4(83#P?H^+1PW]AIH


44)12E
M%&4(X7PGO'A=+/SSMC)%=+235%(44113%%44I1AA#VC_5CFG\LW8''3[`/



0A.PO6JQ^)+


][%DQ(41WF23$0]&


-K1'?_\2/3K;F
M+W4'G^UXEWZ$[[0EO

K8)





MZ$8&_QNDP+=]6^;?RP:!VI`GEH$GC)^9Z3%G$RV1ZMW709^MD:.3NFUHG_B
MVP&5YX)ND.(B`66Y&\;1#)0%&@L+V1




M
F
U9H$

W*G6B+?BOCP8481TZLB=
3R=.T[Y%[&8^H



MSW'(HV@$
^-_%ZDC4562T$`F`4'%R6`V`@K`B5ZZ41%LI97;';W0C8*)&]T;





RYX;6RL6=MNXS80?2_0?S#\OI:IJVTD*6+K

MUS?MZ7Y*9O/II#Y5[;8Y/=]/__Z:?EE





@=6A3+2OQ[

94T88&:_[V


/B2^0R'*ANY$(4LA28!%%`7$]8^=-I1`ZEDED[-^2SG5I
MXKF![QJ344@AD-8L(U`$WNX98^NF(:3L


MH'*KM

M9%%/JB$+2`U9E)!:R)%9[Q#)PEE.$(+YETGD+:STD`T5EF\LU`RUQI
L1TB7








MWR.1-4*Q#24VE-I09D.Y#14:I

`YY.F+R*@M-J(A
ML
8%*1LBE-BLU(8R&\IMB+ZGI$/E/7(O^'M'_C[H6'?/]:8^'/I)U;[0=XHT
N;0?\`(-RY/OSA_\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0O
M+]-4A@

M
`Q]'[!_


M7T[@2Y8(+GFF1@#G
M-41/<YY[<P^05HN4008HNR-HMG370;P-(M=;+;1`?Q@]2N._(W-^_)8^HU5

M
9WDB'`T*=QY`0&42.M\UG3;H#.I.+7$&
MJ6]:)U]K%PZDV[9?09^S^EIBC3_#9TUMUZ4UA+V
FU-BQ4).MU40;=.
!F]


E@X!3B9#


I5HO;3)

Q#''\V@BT5S
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#(U+GAM;*R:6V_B3!*&[U?:_XX'\`VIZ`DHQ`?VM*NM%I]AVL&G&`-8(2=

M%KO\]/HP_/./^


`'X?W#
=6I`1#8_Z]?W?%?M'X:!-YHM
M)H$'YH-O65G%N78Y'&S?RJHX_FV
/'1EG/CH!%ZMD]YC`QP+KW;L_

3F*(3



1A()$@N2
M*($22EA0F&*_85J8RX45D^04)!(D%B01)!E`I)4P55+G^JK0Q5X7$;RK$



;3J$/]1T??+&J(U`LK1*)E$0I0URR;ICZ
M+RFV5W1)$5')!CGEQ2D*H;Z.:
EM48@DBB5*)%(2I0QQR;IM(I(_5VBQ':.1






(KI\@K?<F5M*5<EUU
MGB#



H+:]E(4E?U%
MOT'SQ.[C_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`#^
9_:B`@``JP8``!D```!X

M


`1QMN[*-PG!BQG;%*_FI1D5,UL,0=SQ[EJMS1UTN//O<



W?&86OP$``/__`P!02P






+UQW


K#:8:S#28:Q!I$&NPT&I0:+!M08K#=8:I!ID&FPTV&JP
MTVOP4T%G)LR*6O%E/__1ZWD:?):D;/\08`KGK8J#(D0R5B#B0:!!J$&5QI
M-9AI



M\8MZ7!




E7HV:



M/G^Y__CGAP=S49@#5=/




-$*B$*B*Z(IT8QH3A01Q40+HB510G1-M):$Z5$


9#

LJU%J`)


MHM9/9B8\I6\Z?\!]^85AGDOT4YR@JFD;)8^QK7YE/K!X8]5;O9W=U-;$C^
M1\-#CD0=?[*5#[9YFO#IYBWC]Z5KG#(8(J@:MY&R?-IS;Q,J2HG-#`O8T.J
MLQ6CL]62
1ABL
_S?H9OOF.W

M8E'O)RVKR-63UC?H#-4D5^CE]DWKAR1M^F7S
N9$PC4?GB3*W?2
B29$`5%(
M=$4T)9H1S8DBHIAH0;0D2HBNB59$:Z*4*/:$&V)=D1[HAL/^;63/\%4+YB?
M?`L4#SSF@5TZ\P?3W?*R40]/:E9QY*)$.::$`5$(=$5T91H1C0GBHABH@71
MDB@ANB9:$:V)4J*



;9(3WWH21




Q4Z*916Z

MU&NUU`3CM40XLRNBM44-9E.J

M_N1V2L

')1KEQM



M%BL1KN]
B686R7@ZPXYZS)U3%!'%*@]]+2A:$B6CK=8B7^5D1KBX[[2BG*

M='M]51\3J@*B4-#Q%BL1KNM









P3JSSTM:!H290(:FJR&-!*5
[8VJ+CQE**
M

LK5J\TE



E*A&L[4Z*91:X3
M#?7+Y7.J(J)8)Z*S!55+HD100Y.5$&=M1;2VJ
%:2E5&M-&):&U+U8YH+^AX
MDY6(@S._:/



M[M.6JIU%%6=[B\193[_0=^.E\2M9KX;]6B5SD:R'E:
1T9AH0A18E']_E+_]


MM/:$]UXR*^=?-*_6CO-[U3UBC4[]ZR0/FOU)3M9S!0KYN
K-!$N7O+4BAH
MPJB`*2Z(IH2S8CF1!%13+0@6A(E1-=$*Z(U44J4$6V(MD0[HCW1C8?\LLFG
MW4\HFV*6WBL;BUP?&9G=APX-R*$QT80H(`J)KHBF1#.B.5%$%!,MB)9$=$U
MT8IH3902940;HBW1CFA/=.



MS1X?_=-6)P[AJJR+109_=4*_LSVRPNH


A=19QZD*AB



M7;E6??FW''I1HWFBI







M[04UM-BJ


)50%1




O?(1;EZM;FDQ]9L4T-50!0**J[7NFUJ)
*UG2G1S**R$YD3
MHGLL51%1C$38SV5!U9(H$60[4=U&-1+BK*V(UA8U6$NIRH@V2`1K6ZIV1'M!

M$(6;).MV:E&(EPOFA+-+)+QU&Q40U%$%*L\]+6@:$F4)(F6[-/C80X8RNB

MQ0BO:

M??GUFJ\LG%OQ4*$5Z_EVD2U7O6:UZ



M?2TH6A(E@IJ:+(RM1.6

MR.QM4OR;O=RIAGFF1#.+RO%PHQJ*(J)8Y^$^-10M+:KX2BRROGHU^]0PSXIH

MT80HLC_%ZG*7[CDKXI)5.M0M:U^ISO0&Y1?,?F4:$8T)XJ(8J(%T=*B9CN)
M1%D[E_T+_!L!UTR^(EH3I409T89H2[2SJ-G.7J(*.^U.MZO_69D;+[=?I7KY
M2U?IRW:I&7)93%#E][V)QD03HH`H)+HBFA+-B.9$$5%,M!:$B5$UT0KHC51

7)=^C8Z()44`4



NOGW\X_[[TZNO=Y]-45V\SF?4'^__R+_6BO]Y?OAA
M'@K.7OW^\/S\\.WPUR]WMY_N'O



MZ=34*
/U2X?ZB8H

M!


E%


A0Z=$2J&U
NX8:3ZCYCH^4L2?#QY:60/94R0(YNY9PJ&_
M5&W*F6PBKT,I%1%OA(59$#)=!


MDVS-)32Q.`6


MZP7^'8)@%[H+()\PGO@'\@+Q#Y;M/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`'SM
M%X`

M$L??5]KO@'@_`=O87)3D*



W2P,)]%LDG.#)S@0'C]



'*V2GB!O/I/G/L6@J*DP#QK7


QAY.O
99L'


MBDBJ2*9(KDBA2



MS4/LM5%4@DBMJVD&F4:Y1H5&I421F
H^
R-'[VFH[C62\H%$'$%;'H0M/!






MH5`$$5?$H@MVV+=1ID*[%31U;F8E713IEA*R32@(IN/(N96344A7=+E&!2$H

=%I9UJ4GU7.<I

MUOWR%18@XI):Q(HFQBB&$D0!++1V1NKKPA2C0M1O.IZ&ZJ)2)\^O2E[(Y+/Q


YF7P]FS5
G
M-S[.%IA4CAZ(NFDM
4I8B7#FG*2XBZ)21Q%I!JE&F4:U1H5`HD)3(^F$MT

M!2%*%43P+*IS%5!2D+Z



W\JL!
VAZ[%=7^2L`^^+VK#F_5


``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A






=)ISND[7X.GA;M]`!ISV





%@I




M:!8/8N]QCC

MG#
O2=YZ+_)O4E=A3:L'=1/8&@\]/=JYD6Z7(F


6.5HQ3Q(RM@3



M]6_=$?[+4W\Z;_PY^EY=7X[==O'8=#A=16MU^GJL-T?E[;]6E.C?[I:;_K
MRG[W_=`=+[;(J7O=7N#^SR_[MS-5.^SFE#ML3]^^O_VRZP]O4.+K_G5_^7TH


M9%;@:]]_

=:`3ZP1S;X^W.DP

BFR+WILKM$F8%RW@&@_ZX

M1@F:PP
!HS01FS8Q:$C)@0T'*@[4'&@XT'I`

A@U/28*&+
;+5XY05(%ZQH;)%D+J$BO=98723BQRE4B



CU`@13R.+
$.EH0U*2TIL!#$'R
8BN76/3M)8J82-JEQI
M4K86=9JP3JZ33
?
J:U?)]#(Q&#OB)W0`B(




M(_

&!`4O:CEBV

M4FC%]R\QAM*A;B8ESM?-9DJ(@[0Q'DSG
%+ZNEDH/-]BEDU*'.@UM0U!]H2+
MM2Z8;RMBC(&JEE!#D#F4Z.M)E+
;:(DUU`I%
0%QOBB80'U1$/)%P=`)GG+W
ME

=BU1)JQB4N-\50Q[
M:

2^%1L8P<B^:R(0A/C*S(M#A[B..[151JB$4]

)FD/$O



M!JH@Y*NB=1O)W


C#_M02:\(J)MG-5\7FP$`5A'Q5
M+


M*')6J27.A$]

M83`_A/SYN03I[P/^/6:X
CP`&#0?HL.&(+M4\Y)I%GKKX@RCJHEU!$:ZY3



#






#]^X^[
M_P(``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`-.2CDO1```S28``!D```!X;]W;W)K





M&W[6A=!^@N1)L#R




M1FP
QS)H+CV&F

@O)+:0P$5*5
._&\7NY*A%
JT+$

D




7#
XBW5K#32@Y)I=:4#]B7T#8N)%^EPM
MXB)]@5%0$-!3586)O*#JC8

[MJ$$H4N#




YLV9[1W\(/2++ECWXH*PD6E
M@U/6[*7O22=(F'0(F=))B/CS8
'*CH6RP`4&796=(.3CI#2S=PKTNE/4AR9
M39M;M)Z_/KKX3AL:04F2
=/512NV-B17
7;9KFP2E+&?@]&`9LO*Q5EG)H(





L@VC)

MKHZ;$?BC'&RRI_1U5_]9O
LL?][6

K3;?PZQ:0T9!9N3/E-*ZV
$#








)*`BB0XX
MX1F*M;]G%4P]&V)Y9B1D)&(D9D0P(AE);$+*%M;:_JY4
'5EB.5*$Q]6QV[Z







ZF*D
=^D






2!K52IW<06XJFZE-MJCKPN&GA;:J)LK:+D*.(HY@CP9'D*&(
M^E


MZL+B82ZT6H


!NG=?_]Y^'KT]_;I^7[W^/ZX



MB-\ZKB4YL
DOOW-

M97Y!)V616_*+K_
+)W`9325=#G[YC4
K.U3.=NCG#VU%-)_\(L?D\$
+RTZY
M)+](F5\XD2NBD^07J?
+6U21K4Y^^?5C6Y$M2G[Q97[^V%;EV:_)G#CVU5
MCFWRBY3YA6-2E;

[7^0MNHR:%-?CG\F)RD7?UU




M26EIH*V!C@:Z&NAIH*^!@08N-3#4P$@#5QH8:VB@:D&9AJ8:VA@:4&5AI8








BD2:A'23I'DSD^8!,B-.SZH]$JV4JG6S]7)UZ7SJ50J1SM

M.9
4S.^
1[(KKR8A+4+:A'0(Z1+2(Z1/R(02T*&A(P(N2)D3,B$DDA
T+F
MAP(61*R(F1-R#4A&T)N''.0[&84R@V(+^M

M?O/3VCD!)V\'L8)KF=.+A`VGQSL



MB42E9
]KI9*ZOS&5B(SLC*&YA_:077#6DJ$5%2*R:\ZZ9F@C4
JL5*I4E'7=

)$DDYD&A\=2QAOIS7SK`]&X6WJ'QJH2QAQ5S=
MTJL.(T+*S5N?(EZTPN
].+9DML6-4R[I)@.-:D6+WL0XJ+M0G#)E9&Z*%


=05*[T:8%AR6






M+3AKR=!*%V)F:\ZZ9F@C4&&+OY&(C!DL
Z@HUIKJS+#




R0YCH#%-FBD4'0-VJAF-RFJ$^3)D^KE!K


M3#V6L1K/FLE?

U9'8:Z`A4V_9Y$9!-+GZ&!AT(+@W\K

K2B0L1LS5G7#&T$


DVL90H1IZEI





M0T.

M%RPSB6F6K/L
P0%EFF$AIY/:9

$PN
M96@0AJE*


MHK^1B(P9/#
((O9
U9KAF2%
U(8Q

M(4

1F#


QQE.*
M(3]\3HLO[\7&31H?W
(K

T-`A/N8E


M&Y\;$Y?*^R7FPP




=B5C-1TR=&':7E(6F/





ML04G+1E:J3I
;
U)UPQM!/+$+-

FIQGR




FYQD:

S3U43&S!24N&5KH.
M$5MSTC5#&X$\

W0(Q_0O6:PZ.8ORY`B'%,M
MBQF*-N-E&6K$I*E*,4.19US*$3\
L^0Y8=)



KCAKS-!$H.)V/Y60C-J



M0T.2



GGB/?;+7_IJ)@R+B1OF;#0\2A_)6W^%1]
G
CTR4:MH?[<
MZ9*SA@R-J-9?M?KBK/&'HJ833PD7S%T6M$/N$ZYSHRAN8?V
%MPUI*A%14Z

%.N94@19NKC]HZ?7&LJ



M_T)%HS



MQ@Q-&)HR-&-HSMH25#*X;6#%TSM&'HAB&86/RW$ZG-7!A8T\!DQ^
I0+9\

2;RB#'1
MQP]XB6:$UWG]E/Y@#G;%O$1&\6N*CF)
A!1CHJ08$RG%F&@IQD1
/^`E`O.\
MRI5J57_@!%PJII6ZU

?GN





M5.VJ;I



M9NV4EG)O?SA


M-



M[]R7I[M3!XT51!V_K=]BVOI]M_=GD']^37X=-
X?C_);S-0X$(4X\GN!`P$8
MIM#E#IBHL83Y2

;'%.B)=?$98#OG!B

M0PE]I]L^
-0P]4^/*7S5E#11HU.(QV-R#[+W0AB'DP/$L!.NFI7XG6$9CX?E




MP.))X=$*[B`GYURU%WIEZE;9U3\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#UD1!:
MC@@```

Y+GAM;*R:6X_:2A+'




MY^($=YZKRW'3P




K-7



S07)*V-BABVSL:H_TIBIM_B2;FI6@&G(9D/3]6&LRA0CK5HMO!W&HC2`$


SJ9$F9%N)!4D$29&03420

R6L5(=)99

X.(:(A(%(0211+%$B42

8).YMT#511Y4)6925RXB*H=&/GY5ID:8D.P
M,KXB1&1OB25*)$H-ZCN1290SQ!52-9M0Z);DY.IJCRFJ._
&JT^R$]HQ1.4


69=';(Q(^I[L'8UXOG(
MMXJ

D#

!ENSDOJ0
5*3`91
M1;35!ZD)&WZ0FWHKHUMLD
Y.


MA)

W.I=)09




M7)YA



%0#[;5JWJC`LJ`IX<.Z]<]UMYT
MJ=8BS(MU!UX$^=PN3HNOX`61-CW:W(

-BK@I,=1
MQ\//5=68#]#=<??ZTM/?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`@G%+`#$%``L



;&]0-UYX_&/)=VPQXQ,=I
M`7(.7:B9<^JD#BAMUX<6,BV6P
Z;NP'=U6YONULU[-!?[7H-DK_6^
9WXJA


MH7'*6R)I6\W+..'N;TIRF105\9D(7)F(%RV2



M




UPOQ.$K#K!$
D)BFB=HS5%)DC
M8:P#11X?J(=-+D14QA(J:A$?J#MPDJ.4&R`P_]^&PA9M8$AD@T4T1I*VXF
M2,(&AM&,,DUETP0@H#*161V(\CS?Y*#E%L(&.P]'OZX^.4D%4;&+90!&U
M&\*EVIR9(`D;&
(.C2#6$LB-B
0
MY`6#M([0NCS[8`DW.$1[(O2#I=9&.6?089R
8(4)E1RB.E&PC+2;5YPQZZB&


9UC?6\9
MQ
8V

?E`LA'C?^@=Q`
MO&?:_@,``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`#OKJHNG)@``P]8``!D```!X;]W



1V!]V=DW/^_:S-JB*K:M%BLW%N3HX?U=Y2+=:NO4A1



M7V\_?WLM






M?YWN'C]`4DSSPWI79OIP_P4?`/_[ZNOG4AN0Y/:?_7___OSQZ=-/KS?['W8W


<<Q58QX;Q&E'LJTIPS.&5PRJ#-H
F@SZ!QX`UD&

LL:4IT+XT=V'=*G`Y$3D3.1Y$:B(-D=:3
MD!9:6TBKM(7UOO3J[[1P._AE8,Q0B<M0R![=QAWIM`1.$K3&VARJF-J*6<-

*JG
MQ*DG9.^%V5:IZ$\2M-X.R^NL9-]+M:XP)$M%8VHBC1)D/NBR/F1=_+@_:'


MC-K+A.E'1F4
.6D4I9I)Z^*D4;YH#$G55-6N.MZD)7BQF+$WU8;D3*`XOX91

M0^




N
M[\
\IF;4&

M45X]0?OP.==IOSWI0$39%G=6Y$ZC+XHV4F43Y]&U?8##
$_#J$WS\*ETIQ'R

M8\LUY&10Y':8$Z
SHPNCFE'#J&74!11S?K%KQ?').XXAG[ZZ5M_Q-_GRV$D'
MEO\


8&CG.UAJ0BJVI]7*^3S^TL9J(B




QY(14-%-]&I6J+^T&YS%J$-*05!^N

IS5C

0BKR!2EHKB`E

M%'GUZ`3AI`/=WGI6M!^SN3J&36,6D9=0#'G8KL7YPNW3NZC2*?LZ`]#
-@
ME+;Y7IF3#D24'=2S(K];
JH9-8Q:1EU`48;BMA?(4
+3PE'D91#DCO-I0^C
MZ

B5R`71C6CAE'+J`LH





VH8M8RZ@&+.Q5DNJ!AUL.
1D4.2.\XG1F=&%4<VH

MIBXE6`P[BUTQB

ME*A4ANG2Q5FG=TWP8LA*9^K;%XL9KZDWC%I#5PNZLZB)
BQ.=
$B%N/J_=).


MU1+QV*7W


WUO[F=(.4M4
MVJ+2!8J3#O1;E+?@1C5C!I&+:,NHC#

MBER!7!C5C!I&+:
NH)AS

M5\CT


:1BVC+J!8




M*T90ZAOY\ID.1)35PEE1Z!LRET
U1S6



'

M90[UH';4Y\P.5:/BZ?)-OLPV1IDR9T6A/&1ZAVJ.:ABUC+J`H@S%$RXX].I0
MO0R*_*$7%)H%H?-!4&@6A&J.:ABUC+J`0L['90ZU#X][HR&7LZ*99J%1J5GD
M:VMCE!7(Q=#U9F%1XPEQPZ@UI

6D9=0+%Q%?_H
MBV=FZ8G=][GJ,CG+CN672'I`[T!E=1*`^9RZ&:HQI&+:
NHA#,9X+9CA

E2#(B^#
MH+G^(5%Q&Z


5\C$PS/`9&Q+@X/`B&&)X$0ZR)+BBPSS-5*[;&S
M*@


MXA7]
AA82%_B9KJ(#4U;5;Z6Z\)L^4

-=



;Z4'_8A!/V60[(I?

:JPH94%'-;/C=H.*(H:*$A9;##$H0@R*$(
BQ%!1


BA#(L2@#$HXEE2





M00QZ$.LB2R557.2],4UQO25A3H2EGI,OE,3#XG`VZ?S(V6AQS#(C+6Q4$1




M+`BIKG4L)SS+E!B6*8V%1

SVA'%LUV5


MZ-O%+@Z-=5K*(M3I3-_NX]


%
)BLC0T+B801&*@R+$

:!+A!3#&H54%H3TQE8?&EL:$6RIJQG4$8V%
M1
2@!S'H00QZ$$


M

MF5LSQ)`^


K-?G7O8:8ONA3018[
MND1'L:]11V5!1[6YXP:#]4@

M_[H6DOIQ2=+B(;VD

M(L2@B&=)D6(/ER@B=C(6A++08H3%%D


M^O07M!AQEE$)94$)8;

MAO0]2^D7$[@D?3&-

H(LSU#NQ+Q*`(

Z7L6
MT^\?A[8@?7U\6DC?F$]?V5QCT;#46-*5OW
UAEG=7`9VM1?40]CH4YH)U@Y




M`D6&




9GR/D-*5U\@4@RFZL'


9:%8
MA;GR0JLBAC(45B[I#%52'9
HJ$P-JWKE-C?[S7&W2ILEI*


M_O+_H.7VF/]&F@W%_8]6F3@

M0Q:$X

D-&8EU%9_)+J2?N8YCI<ZZ4N2WZ,L'J=9

P/02YFVQIN;
MO%%!/AH&^8A!/F7^PT[4F(5-.



VH



)]]P\S?*&D8FJCI


(SV#L&6J.QD(@


K3$_-$E:G*F7=&Z-B9.-.BH+.@IS



O?P^]W[NR]?'E]]N/^KW&^*;]L<?O5P]]M/
MK]_C9/QM?R4`A3`,L==N*KPF!YI?VY77=J6`^+4R)_H,O_9+]?:7_MD


3GQFW;TZ^

M/C5N4SX+?C8]^5J9$S_WG'RM'$O\%G+RM9*[W%;#G^587NM_9$6O51N\AK\6


MI\:MBF;XN^63KY7WPQ_UGGRMY(`_1CSY6M$
#5[M9^)

+T.2IE



M?_BCWZ%^_O\````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`.(MWUE,#``!=@``&0``


MJB15=ROM2JO57IX=

$J8&0[3?OW.V














M57``]_GE%6NT+5^'NOI-:%!T@#?-Q?9J=$_
7%66F`D%PUYZ-JYM*!^Z(]
MDYH`QTT;VC6A86F]NTF?RBG












M4?%R.7^-17:&$




M$.:9R_(IP9BN$U]D*;+_-$O'JJ($.@J\ZBBCWFN!J13`JU$`87HF'NO%\&H2


M+1AVLP*6-BAS?VU(5MK



P[%TZQ6YIJJ:I3S5U




M:&5E='

%BJ*7


VC^JM[@HG_<M++<+
M
^(36VV_^T63@Z
@

MT*VGHFG#DDN.K/RU::OC/TAB0@I%'$GT($QE[ASP0?/C__H_`3W97#IQ!A
MXX7KSKS%_/8K]X0(?$J1Z7C.IDOG`R)P+W57`I]2Y.-7LA0B\E%;KZ22YJ

('0!(3B$T@,8%4`29@2^^-
M_?]XPV6X-W)6:PD,9AE6;21##O%-(#!T`0B$XA-(#&!5`$T(^NU4)RN73(
M+'`VQ`EN&4

[2YS
]A:9OH/18+@]/;'


D(4BJ(IHM
']JB\?W%ZO=E_G+NH(9P&UW
9JMJ:X7#9Q'#FCCMC;C:<B^B&
MT0Q'!$E3#Y!`H'`/M5/A5J)I
7TFI5$.KY%.A'2D*_^]ZF5JK9F)6QBFI47
M
@HYEB'E[

Z



M[6YCUPIMEDS+F@E(=1LA3^T9+KB-+
C9

Q9




&DMFG`$I8Y^^*E&IZ(W

67C&



^/4?J&&PC(!2NO!0X'NN*Y

P5[2

M``8`````$`!


M


MGXUQ0










M9B\&






$%``&``@````A`'_H



U!_S\GQY#BM]^O#E`8X@RG[RLO_Z\?1S






MEC

MQ1$N?MGJX1PW?JTM0;-CBKM5=N3C&X(FJ=5INUB6LVFYDANR2CY:7GA3!@C
M;S0W\PY4MX

9$:[








M
4F31T9YEA#$[[SV4&(=:PKGJPUOSCP7[O?TK21&N772Q^ZFTKLI(TT5'&
MMJ[



M]U.$)!
'!;*0E6*9EWSG*3)`8\1ZD1K5^Y-U5Y-T4K21`C8DZF3P1R!&-A
MQ45'




M%$+

MU9)@CT18V76)XW

D]_5__4




'+N5C&&XC48+OE34T[6Z`A65^#



/A(QSAV
M/^H2J&*UA$7?KX+Z&:8(
1ONR8KA@)#+'X]XYZBR0$A2:Z'4[0VG!!B`NN%
M@X*-`'3%E)M&_8%M](BJNNXK?B(C])QD&!K:1`1Z;SQ:CBGZR30+QT:S\E



M3%8ZLK%VP*#S]DV.AHN$DN#@KDJ

!66E9AV$
[9-1L
M?6

+#JJ



M(F7:0:MH2@MO#)+H9)@CQVZ[C(*]'


*)GW0BGD&9:4%DH6;/@4:=
?:LA1QCI:O



M;8ARV


].U

W%+


@)EI8M)9CF!#%'6SR#5!#&E;
;@UOJL
M;

M+-V

R8IGUT[B*6DZY#%E#8N8'#@.%
MU5)0

M]C-P-4%
58J
O9?'V4+G

$F1T&
JO5
MND(&
DL_(_.XH;Z:^*F^8$KF;



M=)VO_^G#%3VV4.[L5-T\E0EY`0Z!9-AYI/.,(P#@V#8%^8\7VB=$%/$,@;/
MF*(X`S&'71(&7P..(^T4GDIF3O$K,LD73%(N;#JP+6&T5#6W0_4UF6161H?8
MS4?HD)N_U@$QI0,.5`-2GVJ[7/Z0)IB1G*!-(CEK??\K&K:Z9+_




M-%R.]:B(:9$RQA,?E(T0PQ$*V9-

UA



WD3S-.5[4
M-@^M)SGVN1LL5BHHS/-[ZICD4T'MBU867C65%(VKN4I'M?%H2/;8C[(;(L=
M*'[.VE/GDYNYSDF8DD^..=BHV4Y*RG7%Q%5.0Q#^/F)E`.+%6_$%]

MY$1CA(=THZN:

MBF_24Z3+N$
%#;@B!H(5UWII3AN@CV9P%
4



&?XMK8;SD!?313D19?F3'TP6P
_6AN
M!@AZ9)+BBG:
`3&)&1:Q9`L1XSD]Z

H
M74NWX)Y
CU5B_D!
VAD6L:X+$=-$




^0V

MR2CS'&T8QK(M&/;I%
W=*

I1%%&
\45
:`GAI/HQ1E-(,_;;VBH:^:2U]
M]+$G*%U+GQ!A=ACH*C'#(M9J(6(


PJ1-?.C(




M?.!&M\D%W'C0J0_(TY4.J_@KWUWO4E_`[^+Z=_\

#`2F
_=A*P7OT'4@




5]11
M3)JUZ5J.::`F)P5NKFOSYX_TV\(T*
N:(JM(@];F.Z+F]\VOOZSNI'NA)4+
M`$)#UV;)6+NT;9J7J

M?!HUYI



NG'3A
M/!%L



M78S8XTPYJ1`W\A





\C^F

M(ZG`M`V%[*42P/M_=&W6_T

M#

$%``&``@````A
M`/:+Z&K


_Z!






B6Z*R-L$A2*P!ELS+)O;E?4:5XQSD[G.#+C@3-(3A/95`7V*II0*X







)XX`=K[@'WT6MY1K^5_;GN
M!J-!)Q@#7'A@
VU3=QMQBCBR+D`7
M6RZN\^*+

M1






MU$`R780$[EJ?6\X(;::#5KYMM`R:


M0Y\X+MHLB102CJ42F7[?D

DG7+..+(Q'UD

$OFNBX_?Q!B5&DBFZ1#(BM`+
ML!GJ*
T

DPDB
I&#4)90)B0G[D0-[H9MK0KI3




M(/AFFGF$*G`B6.#UQ%+BX_89\ID8J

MV:\J\1F]`KUOQ?6*0UIZ&/W-%1-^TSY#
Q4)='/4PN6/.RCW:CBGWXR)S7
M7+6%GY8;)0=X9#JJFQ\E;`C5+-B/M=;LSW`H(.:4JW-1J8

@IQ4+C5)%:


S+GAM;*Q7VXZC.!!]7VG_`?$^X6(@


MCN^ZD=

M&-2&.M$*'`EYIJ:'$X7`V9EX9V




M*9GX[=(KK$@A`+/&.&#ZJ,)`5O\XT)08UT(CBA


M224XPEIBG(W(^
!D$Z?]!
DUFB#PT#P)C6U==*D@'.#*@4[0\SH\6BX5N7S
MELPP^;W'8EHU.P$03ETA3BB*


MLNXG-#E'8)%[EQ\C0R.52-

0AHXV
CDBY50!!

D=GVCV^DUAW8%)`/D


-`;N
$'
D`%Y[QYQ4N
MN!C.N.X
C

CUSS(!

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````G)%=3\



M[$4-FOLL-DP
=ZW3/
2CJ[#EXIU7@&=Y?H4U!YYX+@'IG8BHA$IQ82T'ZX9
M`%)@:$#1Z3C.#O;@G_9\7AN2LJ54XV#C3J'O.EN(83NV]5U.QZ[JLFP\:
MT9_@E\W]XS!JJDR_*P&(]?MIN`^;N



1`$[X)_&.;N9O4@*DD6%'R!/B!D1Q-()DLF

?$ISL

M[@*TVD

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`VRZ?G
M404``


O87!P+GAM;B!`$HH``!````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````




,K\.)Q&$R1?9F@$$4^
M9N0#*G7
+PGJ=D


(W+C-$M3
M-
4[*X2EV

M_ST/DJ-52`IT74`J!@B!%/(NRNWP1%WU@8H\CMV9^G*4!C29Q6J0_CZ)I1
MG

MSGW*Z%WB[HL`K

M



MH$BK_`C)FHW)G_ZO%^ABM8%_(?P$UP`:M/NS'


SI54D%D&PCK-*UD`^*
MKWM5@

@UYFWM&8;Q[`@?E7B+(?&']B
M
)(!$MP(L/P]5


`@``P``````````
M``````#5!```7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$+0`4``8`````$`1LH'KDT#``!Y


M;'-02P$+0`4``8`````$`_L+Z?R4'``!7&@``#P````````````````(

M`!@`````````````````VA



M0TFKI




``!D`````



M```9`````````````````'







2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`Q3'+SG0``#*










M%``&``@````A`&&6O82&@@``7P`!0`````````````````?*4``'AL+W-H





&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`/@[


M970X-2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`W5\L^:,``#Q!@``&0``````````



M````````````````1D




`





M:&5E=#@R+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#.`E+5
`
``(0)```9````````




P``&0``````````````

M+W-H965T




M```9`````````````````

M^E4




M='

YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`V[3SSUX(``!&)0``&0``

M`!0`!@`(````(0`+V+S31D```CE```9`````````````````/+%`0!X;]W







M!@`(````(0!1#0;\_P4``
#]XLM!P``/AX`

M
3



M%``&``@````A`/90`MY'@``A;D``!D`````````````````OU4`'AL+W=O






M970T
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(
M````(0#3DHY+T0@``,TF```9`````````````````'R8`@!X;]W;W)K<VAE






M:&5E=#0P+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`[ZZJ+IR8``
/6```9````````

M:&5E='


P+GAM;%!+

?```9`````````````````(4&`P!X


Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````
M(0`$;YLXN@
``%4+```9`````````````````(

M``8`````$`:!NT#ZP&``#2&@``&0````````````````!W-0



S



M`!``````````````````B4

 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronRnXlThreemBGNXb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWTDTwoTDTwoSixkSixHz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromrEightwHJNineTGncSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerobZeroThreeXkfTsHWSixv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohEightWNCTworTfCnZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHhHQOneNineKHThreexFD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerozFThreetKQNCNbDw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerowHPlOneTwoPsbOneNinep'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotOnedSevenPxlbRFourZB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerocFvNTwoEightyJZeroqVw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroRbctKHQFourfkNp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronXXqqDDpFivebThreez'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerovTGgGNinesglKSNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerorHSixCxXFourhvFiveNs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotfXzLvFivekpEightyL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXXttgLdSixBcnThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQPBMLmFiveStCgThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFiveOneQNinecTrfPnkv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerovPtXSixEightMqFiveFtSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroThreeRBkSixSkHSSFR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSHrlFiveOnelhCCTq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVcrTsFMTLTwoThreek'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZeroxFiveRHDZPfKWh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromSevenWFTwobVgmEightNineSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFiveZerodxrLXpZnTwoT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDxXkBJgDOneJhC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTyFPWZdZeroFvsh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSTSevenMOnerSMgDFourf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNineCspZeroSvfbGCy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSTJBkGzZerolMPD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_NotesPayableAndConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotbXFourNEightGNineTZOnec'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_NotesPayableAndConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerodmpwTPWnyPbN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_NotesPayableAndConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeropHSevenJcBdPfBPx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_NotesPayableAndConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTctPWBdXsKFourS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromJTZMCVxyOneVP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroCRThreeFourQWlrFiveTJV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTwLOneHbvPRZCc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixssKvdZOneSixlkG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohDPCpSZeroEighthnKk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJpnqSixrrvSevenGbP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTnqSevenbNinexMThreedbH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerovhsFourJtGSevensBXJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroPfgbcFiveSevenOneHSevenlSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenWlhsmZcrCMp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerogZhSFSevenOnetqEightfs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixbHFourtJJNRFiveCR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWBqQWFEightZnZeroMy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerokOneZeroVzdkwphFiveT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroGFiveJSixzJPGwFourXSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerosfFivemvWWOneThreeTwoFn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSsDnBDmyhSixvT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfAccruedExpensesAndOtherPayablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTcNBBFDZeroTFQFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWrNineBWLSixPCfLD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroPXLFiveJTWHOneyZy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerogKpWgyzwRslSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroysQSixVZeroSFourzyBb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSkqqgMJrmLfy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZFiveSevenTwohXcpbkSR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroxTbbqNineqGlyJD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFourZqTncMSevenGTsc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTLmfNTdEightRWdZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTHyySevenhsQTwotpW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroThreeThreewdRyEightRkRfNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroCSixTNREightRVVMZeroF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZMPTwoNsMFiveTCtSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenThreeBZeroTrTThreeMZVk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQrMNCbJSevenrxbNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixTTQsrZzZeroqThreet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohpvZHRLZppFourFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroczWFWOneSevenWWTpJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDfVEightZeroTwowbgGFourP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKOneSevengxCSsCyMF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerocxsbryXMfKtG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDkDZTwovNKFourRThreew'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTTwoFiveHPfSNFourKWJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroThreeHtXSixhfzZerocPQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerobwDVcJMRClcR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVSixdQflTgvBMm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohScWDMSLtfbv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroPJKyNineTXZeroTkFp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixZCzSevenFivedsSevenmqd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTwoRJThreeyOnenvzGmF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTvLlHBwyZRny'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroEightlXrPLBZZnpc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableAndDebenturesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromFivenqGVyrSixBVFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableAndDebenturesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroThreeSxXDSixvFivekpcN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableAndDebenturesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerokHfTTLnpNinecFourSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableAndDebenturesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFiveTfNinenZqwhFrT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableAndDebenturesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerodTwoSevenhtnNineJkcEightx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroBNineWZeroqsSevenEightFourryX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQhvEightGwzmhEightZeroz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroMDXHTGpVyHvV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTwoQLxTwoMXNineqxZT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerolxmZrJdgDhSh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDTplfdXgFXcy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZLhFourDtQOnezVmp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronBrrZerotmSixBThreeJFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroEightgEightTLTwotSixBsPP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenLGtSevenmGTwoDSevencNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroPMvFTwohkZerofgXz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerodsFlrJSixSmFourTwoNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromJTqKnHXSevenTpB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXFVhfVGZmSevenMW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroswbZOneFourxEightbZeroNOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroRGxThreemThreeXHnThreemm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTwoXkVgRqrSevenSixvSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerocdThreeDwThreemSVhrV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTwoKgJFrqNineFyCc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenFxGQPbvTLBOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroqSbmSgTZeroNkWv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXFourEightTTwoCWJCmhR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTwoQQTkMscFourbfR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZeroDvvgTsHFiveLdK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroEightlZtNinewThreezfFyd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeropSevencMzzGNVzHw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHKqBNineFivexFiveSZeroQw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerobZQrbtdMTTwofV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFourMgSixSevenTwoFourLmPpS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroylKEightZeroqntMgJx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerocfTzGKZeroBKZrp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSEightEightgFPncfyTT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerodFourThreeQEightWtFFhDEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDvZMPVEighttFourqFivep'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDPFZwdTwoFiveOnezEightK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVThreeCfpLEightkCrlEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFourBOneBZVSSbvkX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohHTTwoSevendbPzNinevFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroMfJThreeDfpTSNVM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOneRrZFiveqFiveypVKV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroRZQZeroFivezGFCTwp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTwotOneKzLTwoTlkxf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerosgDrVGqMKMdP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronKThreehEightLdbPSixBC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKOneLcNWzfVZerofTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNcFourHnBnbzwPG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroEightmMvDThreedxVTyy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroPOnelCXGFivebtSixdf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotTwoZeroLTwoHLMQmQK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDqQNckzlrqpk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWKSixFourHFOnetwbFiveTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroMwFPSPfThreeWSixlr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFGThreekZeroNqdMQTp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroqysTMBCdKwCx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSZeroNineWbfQNTREightNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQnNhxhvrgCJZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfConvertiblePromissoryNoteZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroBPwZeroThreeTFNJQZEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenFourZeroRrgdGbSFiveQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNineTJFouryQFNFourBGL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDLxtLCFourDMTzT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKdcxlRqQqFivecH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFourNineTFzqThreedSixmTwoc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfPerShareEffectOfTaxExemptionZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroLvlOneSixpygcqEightT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerozmwSixyNHEightlSevenOnes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDCKlMSevenSFHgLNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroBwFourRFpThreeFTQqn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNineFOneyDSevenhcbNineGT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronPMNJnXVbOneGL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerodSevenqnPNTSixEightFourfNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVJFourNinemvFourQrbJr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixdGEightHqvJXylFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroBlNsSixnvpThreecvH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNLVksFLSixzLGy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronBSevenJDHFourykyQK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenBWSevenMxTssCCb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerobDFourgSixThreeWlBqbB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCapitalizationReconciliationTableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKThreeThreeCWdMnTFvZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKqZeroSevenNinemKFyOneQK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKVGNDSSevenFourvNRK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroywTwoBFourxTNinezzgh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroLwPqFLFourLSixZMW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroMmFourDTwohWCNbGP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerogVsdTwoftmkEightLr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJHsOneyOneWyGyQTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfDifferenceBetweenTheUsFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRateAndTheCompanysEffectiveTaxRateZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotThreezNNSevenXnTBThreeG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixbSevennVfVOneSddq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerolkgFourwVEightXtNinegy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVWCNHZeroNTqdSixQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJtqBZTglWDzQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerokWnGPSevenknnqfm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixyNkLZVKWZeroGP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroxqxSixWHThreeVEightJCl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenWztCSixdBHTKw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKSSevenBOneFourQxNsrf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTJCttSevenyMSixyFThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTworNTwoqgbZeromkOnek'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroThreepTwoVZRFmzTwoSevenNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroThreeCWFourLQvVxSevenDK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerodThreeRBFyFourMSXwk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFwzwdSevenyDbqEightL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNinecSixZHGSEightySixDK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQThreeqQNinerRSevenfymK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerogHgZlKdQmGLl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerosSGZvzZeroXZVSS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeropvSixCGJGtbBrEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFrGyXZpTFivesQx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerocrJLFpSgsgpn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerogFivecdrDEightKXEightqv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroySixSevenpcszWhPqk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWSpWdFourZeroTSixnfL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohhTwoTwoTbTtTwoThreeCx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroxFivexyJgHbxTyEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroGTqpGLEightFourzqpS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQcTrCTSevenOneNVThreeSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVTRwqNinewsFVThreeS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerovThreewThreedlTwodZeroldT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroMZeroxnrlpMKGQm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFivevxPyOnelDKEightmOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronNBHFiveNinexgFivevfR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFourkSevenVNFourTwoQxydh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVgZeroTwoNzptcwcQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenTOneSixzKgNineBThreeTy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSNRHdcLncKsFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroRDFiveQzKszVqqf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHNineHSVTwoTwoBSOneEightL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerocxXCThreeSixcvZeroJXW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohLFiverKFivefyrvbThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroThSevenTgcFourhyTrR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZerorCvBDxJTTTwoTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQTsTEightZTrMDEightp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroEightcxRnThreerdtZxs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroqRQsMtvFXdGThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronTwoMJThreeSNZeroSThreeZerok'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHCfdKVTZeroWDTwow'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroBSixfVsxHQThreeFyv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZyLDdyrBqnKJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXxThreeOneFiveSixdOneTwoscEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerofTThreeFivetBxxpsHk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJrfRNineNftlfxT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroGWThreeqZmNineFourQgsT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroxkfZmTthGTZThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroCgJtrcSevenwXZeroKb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroLlrBwLpTzkXEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFmGVFouryLVnrFiveZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerodcKsSNineSEightxnWB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronTmsbgfgZFHFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOneqSevencmEightVRxSCp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotSGndlThreeTDDZy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZeroLZdfSevenzlMmtNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQOnebNEightKpGnhSh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHXZeroNOneWTNNinegTTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDcHynHVhFourThreexl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOneDDZSixEightTwoWJVZf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohrpxJThreeTcTcBf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZeromhctbThreeEightXZerokd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroxmtSevenTwoSixEightCThreeFpP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroShBXpTlhsgkX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroyKrFSGpCzdgg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHnVTwownTwoQJVdOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronFmRMBfynFVB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXrkGSixnTwoTwoCTwomX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFourvbbQrGScvTq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKrlznlXMTGCg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQFivepBLZeroRsVMys'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerobtKgZTwoWNvdOneT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenBFourSrfTSixHclB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroxvfhvFpNineWyVT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroplFxXKHVyRQc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroLrKCvZeroMBZThreefH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroMFGHbPdRLhSevenOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKsFnbxvThreePXkZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronCSixkwZerogbRFKOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNineMxxVTcTwoLEighttb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJhqltNineQTrffF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeropsrnDSixXWqSixGP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroLHThreeKKCThreewZerowxN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOneSTwogVHXSixfOneXv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTwokxxFourSmwRgwd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerogHThSVtqqkNineh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFourFiveSixQxTwoyZeroyGCJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHRZxThreeqPsgTEightT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerodSixZeroLWOnevSevenSwXX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFourhnNinewsNineglMNineP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFkThreettRZeroVHDST'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHsVnEightNJVQTJB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerozJNTTwovPzbytv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerosTJSevennkXQLZeroQW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroBDkxlRgThreecSixBB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromcLXtSVkFivekFz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroGLEightMSevenVWWrfsSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerobRMNineksqEightNhyFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroEightgkcHhSevenThreezrgx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerovSixRTThreeEightdNineNOneFourP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKfrmLqJcTwovBFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerokEightlhwZeroTwoSMpQn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVSFsCNccTwoSixqp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSRpdGwVFxzThreel'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZSixZeroSixtbFVhslB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJBMRKNineLSixcFsQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXqNThreemWSixrCghSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXlPWSbsZdPZSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVTSixSTqgTwoQBEightB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVSevenByThreeKWJqxcP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWdDNinegPMxQMPd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixZQCnQZwJvCP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZerozFourpCwXEightTkkM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTTcQygnwVSevenTm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroGKnGZerofKnQCTFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNPgCzSOnegFourNGL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHpzXFourWFourzSevenTwoVT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotJwPKFourMFHTwohV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFivezTqvHwSqREightm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixSixSixZBThreebmThreeKhv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerodwlSqrpyThreeTbv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerontSyyNFwZeroQJb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFhtSixqSFivezxTzm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroShTFiveFivehdEightxnKg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVEightkhbRQmTfwc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNvzfFivenkOneNFVx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerofFZerofHCVFiveSixEightTZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerowOneOneydvRvpMSW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerodyPCdzFourDrOnegP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFoursJThreewzThreeTyXSixFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHkshEightmBLvzFZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohTNnZeroRZgdTwoOneB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroctOneHtZeroPFivexNinerv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFivewTwkSSevenLGSixDB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerolZlWWThreetHgdgW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNFourZNineEightfSkPZTC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJEightThreebCqThreehTwoNFourg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroqwWTworfThreehKhtP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNpREightFivegZdLbTp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerorNineFivePdSevenEightZgNinePZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromEightOneGfhyVEightTWd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSwWkGFourfTwoVlwc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerorGPcDThreeWsSixkgk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVnyqNineNLOnefSJv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroynrMFfSixTFFRt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXvbthGDSixZlsd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTwoNQgKzSfbHNg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotTFGThreewfmTworCT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroThreexgTsvSixpwbHSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXzFourskSevenwFourNineFFourm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroRwNineEightThreeZPmFiveQCD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroMpPMfQSixVFourBqK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZpDHWnzQFQvp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerobfTnFiveTVLSFqk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTworQhnVTksyJQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXLpkrDwkZmxv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZeroSixShFourQFivesKNineThreeP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJtqdJkkFiveNineRdThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKrEightNinewNqFivenrEightB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQMJtSixpPdFivebpy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixXFourSwrDxTwoThreeEightb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHrFOneJmylxlgq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHNOneQVwTMThreewvZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKTwoGPOnelHFourwBBC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroCkThreeRGgcfNNineNineg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKgTwoMBlgZerorhFk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenhFivekZrSXCDFourt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerorEightSixdFivedThreeWTRVC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohdNinelhZJFEightTwowf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZeroThreeZeroThreeTSThreepMDLm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFiveLtZthdLTwogzg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKbZXSixVlOnePySm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXZXTwomzRZThreeTwoQm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerolPEightZeroBGHZerohNineXy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroEightRKDLXwZeroFourJCV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJHfGwOneqCzpTwoy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroMKOneGDknTwoDTcc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronFxsDgJlThreeSixht'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWmRQwLCprqSixZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerolcyhQKLJMPrw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNineSevennPMZeroDtKpKn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFTwoVSixOneGThreekgCZeroC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroLKrFourSevenHDDgqNF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroygqySqSNineBxnNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerosnhdkSevendfnBGt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroEightCmTDSixSixCsSixZeroOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroThreeOnegzZerovHmNCLK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankLoansZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQzThreecXLvLlsDT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_RestrictedCashZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKOneVrRXZLZeroKEightC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNoncurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerovQTThreewCGqxQTNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerowsSevennGPFlZeroJgL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJThreecyRNhnkJFourv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerokxMThreeQhSixPxDThreeZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerokFFiverbOneLTTThreeZeroTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohmThreeNineFPJZerokttz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFEightcmBFiveZerokFiverKd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroEightTwoVRBKcOneSevenVgOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroGMsZerohcSlkGXk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerozDcOneThreeRFiveSRTXr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDZcMmXKThreeQsdV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerodhEightGZeroCSThreeFiveRls'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOnekTKRThreeEightXFourTxs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronJtbLEightRNygXR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWNqqQQcGqSixgn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNinelNineSevenfGrPkKWEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotEighthFThreePFRkSevenBh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerolzyTnHPNinephks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerobNinehvvzEightFpTbC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOnekdWtmTbrKmM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotOneZvSixcPSeventyZeroQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixVTwobgDGthBqr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHpmPmrlFDCHFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFiveOneFourwWJThbKfN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfNotesPayableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerovxWbwDnZmMvSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfShorttermBankOverdraftsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionOfLongtermDebtTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroPKLbmTwoZeroVbyQR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerovDCrCmCGFiveshSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWBphfcpDOneLmn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSnPWTSzHThreenFourw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerozDscfKLSEightTZSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroqwlbSevenZeroTwoFivedVFB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFiveDTQQQftzkRz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerosNineCNineLzFourxkXwp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQZNinesbtttlMVFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQOneXqcSixOnehmhJT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXCKRlqJsThreeFourWz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_OtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXbEightGkHxLygvs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerogyTwowmThCSCXX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeropRRCFourFczOneSevensC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerodmFivevLPRBpFourgD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerozfmNineDVzrKThreeTX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroxhQFournFiveCCrKgW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfInventoriesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerocwGWGQCFourHwThreeSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LeaseCommitmentsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerokTwoEightSZeroJNineXSixDOney'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LeaseCommitmentsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerodOneSevenSixJMGpqsSy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LeaseCommitmentsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohFMPbMPXhfFourf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LeaseCommitmentsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroPWFzNineGwpcSixHd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFourxHOnetQlwQwXt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenThreebfmkOneMHwTwoR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWThreeSFOneFCmOnerFourz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SubsequentEventsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNineZeroPmWwnKrZtg'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R,F9?8C,S85\P-3)E
M8C`Q.64W9F0B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



F9?8C
S85\P







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


04Y#15]3
3PO






#8N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


#@N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

M+U-H965T
#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@


M.DYA;64^3U1(15)?4D5#14E604)
15



3


M#0H@(`@/'@Z3F%M93Y04Y+7TQ/04Y3/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3D]4
M15-?4$%904)

15
\+W@Z3F%M93X-




M/'@Z3F%M93Y
3TY'5$5235]$14)4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




C$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7










O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-







O4VAE970S
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7


O4VAE970S
M




O4VAE970S



O4VAE970S
RYH

#I.

#I.86UE/DE.5$%.1TE3$5?05-315137TY%5%]486)L97
\+W@Z




M/D-54E)%3E1?4$]25$E/3E]
3TY'7U1%4DU?1$55#$\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@

M
S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC


M.DYA;64^5$%815-?4$%904)
15-?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z





O4VAE970T

M/DQ/3D=415)-7T1%0E1?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H



M/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T%0251!3$E:051)3TY?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^

15-?0EE?4%)/1%5#





T0B5V]R


3PO
#I.86UE/E-534U!4EE?










M4D]015)465]03$%.5%]!3D1?15%525!-14Y47TX\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\




M93Y.3U1%4U]005E!0DQ%7T%.1%]#3TY615)424)



M8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3$].1U1%4DU?1$55%].87)R

M($A2968]








&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*




T0B5V]R

M4F5C



O4VAE970V-BYH





O4VAE970V




O4VAE
M970W
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E=',O4VAE970W,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z

O
M4VAE970W



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@






M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M4V-H961U;&5?;V9?0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VY?4F5C/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@
















T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4V-H961U;&5?;V9?16%R;FEN9W-?4&5R7U-H87)E/]X
M.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U<F-E($A2968]
T0B5V]R:W-H


T0B5V]R


&-E;%=O<FMB
M;V]K/@T*/]X;6P^/%;96YD:69=+2T^#0H\+VAE860^#0H@(#QB;V1Y/@T*

C)F7V(S
V%?
M
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4X

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B

'0O:'1M



]

]


]


]


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S`L(#(P
M



]


]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96
@

]
T1R;SX-

]
M

]
M


]


]
T1T97AT/BTM
3(M


]


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:RP@4VAA




M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y997






]
T1T

]


]



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%!U8FQI8R!&



RPQ
#
L
M




]


]

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P-3)E8C`Q



]







S+#@U-RPQ.3



M.34L

M1&YU;7`^



M


]
T1N=6UP/C4L-CDX+#`R


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)Y/]T9#X-



T1T












C`Q+#DR


]
M

\

]


]

RPR-3@L
M

M;7`^

]


]
T1N=6UP/C@W+#4V
2PS




T1T;W`^3&%N




3`L
S(W+#4U


]
T1R;W4^#0H@

M5%


]





M97)M(&)A;FL@;&]A;G



]
T1N
M=6UP/C
L-3`P+#`P


]





M+#0R
BPQ
S


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I97


RPP-30\

M+#
Q-2PX






T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI




]

]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


2PT.#8L
M-#

M;7`^-#8L
#

]
T1P

]



T1T;W`^3&]N
M9RUT97)M(&)A;FL@;&]A;G


]
T1N=6UP/C@L



]



]
T1N=6UP/CDY+#DS-RPX




]


]



S$L
M(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3



]



M86QU92P@
C`P+#`P

#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!R

]
T1N
M=6UP/C


]



]
M

#(Q+#4U-3QS

]


M


]

3
L



]








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



M3$E$051%1!04Q!3D-%(%-(14544R`H4&%R96YT:&5T:6-A;D@*%531`D



]




#$\



]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#`P+#`P



T1T;W`^4')E




]









#`L
#`P+#`P


#`L










M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\




M/D%51$E4140@0T].4T]
241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%
@3T8@24Y#3TU%($%.



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C$U





]
T1R974^

]
T1N=6UP/C
W+#DV
BPR
M


RPQ-S(L














C(L
CDV+#@Y




C4L-#


]





]
M

M+#(T


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@97AP96YS97


]

]
T1N=6T^*#@L
S0W+#`X

M/B@U+#$U
BPY
C




M
BPT

M1&YU;7`^


]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#(V
BPS



]
T1N=6UP/C4L


]
M
T1N=6UP/C0L-#`V+#$R




]

3

]






]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L-S4R+#4R-#QS

]


]
T1N=6UP/C8U

]
T1R


#8L
M















M:6=N/3-$=&]P/BT@0F%S:6






]
T1N=6UP/C

38L-S$T/'-P


M.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C

M;G1E;G0]


M4U1!5$5-14Y44R!/1B!#05-(($9

]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M=W





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]








]
T1N=6UP/C8P


#$L
M


M-RPX-#


C8L


M:6YV96YT;W)I97


]
T1N=6T^*#(V.2PW
M

M;3XH

]
T1P



]

2PQ




]








]



]




M92!P=7)C:&%S92!O9B!L86YD('5S92!R:6=H='


T1T;W`^*$EN8W)E87-E*2]D96-R



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

M;3XH-#
U+#DP


]

M=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@Q

@

]
T1N
M=6T^*#@L
3@P+#@V


]





]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
RPP


]
T1R

M97



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T($EN8W)E87-E+RAD96-R96%S92D@;V8@0V%S:!A

M1&YU;3XH
RPT



M;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-#@L-3$V*3QS


M9VX]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C
R+#
T-2PV
#


M96YD





]



]

3@L-C$X/'-P



M
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B






]

M3T-+2$]

]

@6TUE



M1'1H/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(%M-











3`L-C8Q/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@*%-H87)E

2P@
C`Q


]


]

]
M











]


]


]


]


]


]
T1R;SX-




M0F%L86YC92!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#`P
RPY


C@L




^#0H@

N(#



]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C








]
T1N=6UP/C
V-2PW



#`\



M-C8L


]


]


M











L-3DX




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






]




N(#




M+#`R



]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3DL


]

]


]



M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]


T1T;W`^3U)'04Y)
M6D%424].+!05-)4R!/1B!04D5314Y4051)3TXL($%.1!04DE.0TE004P@
M04-4259)5$E%4R!;5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M=&@]
T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^
2X\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&$I/]I/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
M

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I


N*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M


X
C(P.T-O
M;7!A;GDF(S@R


T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&(I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y('-T



3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@

M;!,;W)A:6X@2&]L9&EN9R!);F,N(&%N9!I='

M#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B




3B!O=VYS#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Q

M;!,;W)A:6X@2&]L9&EN9R!);F,N(@F(S@R
C`[24Q()B
X
C(Q.RDN($E

@=VAO;&QY+6]W;F5D(&)Y($UR+B!(

L(#(P




;W)A:6XL($1O;F=G

M;RXL($QT9X@*8C.#(R

3LI+@T*

38P.SPO=&0^


-B`@(`@



M;W0@:6YC;'5D960@87

M(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C






@2G5N86X@2&]N9W)U;B!S=6)S:61I87)Y

M(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\



M87

BPQ
#`L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!T;R!+;W)E86X@5&%E8F]N
M9R!);F


C`L(#(P


RP@
C`Q



RP@
C`Q

-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#$P
4@;W=N960@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN($%C8V]R9&EN9VQY+!T

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y

L




P@,C`Q-P@2G5N86X@



T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]



M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




N(%1H92!#


@87)E('-O;&0@
M:6X@9&]M97-T:6




C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE
M-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W
M9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B







24-)15


]

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M

@;F5W(')O

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^



M97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D

@;F5W

T0Q

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAA*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S


M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M93H@
3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&UA:6YT86EN




M97

M:6YG('!O;&EC:65S(&%D;W!T960@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8V]N9F]R;2!T

M('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&]F($%M97)I8V$@86YD(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!C

M(&%C8W)U86P@8F%S:7
@;V8@86-C;W5N=&EN9RX\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT




M


3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V





M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*

T0G9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q



MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q

L

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D/B8C

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T

M97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/D%S
M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T+!T:&4@9&5T86EL960@:61E;G1I=&EE

@87)E(&%S(&9O
M;&QO=W
Z/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M

M


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C

M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^071T


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO=W)A



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*



M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^8V%P:71A;#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!,;W)A:6X@2&]L9&EN9R!);F,N/]T9#X-

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#$P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^

M9VX]

M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3Y0
M4D,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

#`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@

2PU-#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG



M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PV
CDL
#8R#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/DQU;W1I86X@3&]R86EN($-O+BP@3'1D
M+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3`P
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

3`E

M9VX]

M3'1D+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^4%)#/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M,3`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M(`@(`@(`@(`R+#4P
BPR-#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^1&]N9V=U86X@3&]R86EN($-O+BP@3'1D+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^4%)#/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

3`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D%T:&5N
M83PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M1G)A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M-3$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#$T+#0U-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3`E/D9R86YC
M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4Q#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$



M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

B4^)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@-3$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#@X

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/D9R86YC93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3Y0;W)T=6=A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M(`@(`S
3@L
#(W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D
M97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D

@;F5W

T0Q

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&



M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S



M=6ER97

@;V8@87-S

@





3`P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V




MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@




N/]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

M;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B

@

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAE*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^


M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


'!T.VUA

M('-E8W5R:71I97





M86QE('-E8W5R:71I97


M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1J=7-T

M97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/D$@


@=&AE(')E87-O;G
@9F]R


M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L
M92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T

M97

T0Q

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D






M8W)E=&5D(&]V97(@=&AE(&QI9F4@;V8@=&AE(')E;&%T960@879A:6QA8FQE



M=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V





M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\



M;&QE8W1I8FQE(&%M;W5N='

M;6]U;G0@:7


M9CLG('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M9RD\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*

T0G9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S





M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@


M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF


@=&\@8F4@9&5L


M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@






M(`@(`@
C`E(&]F('1H92!T;W1A;!A;6]U;G0@8V]N=')A8W1E9!F;W(N
M(%1H:7


M92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


M+!A=!W:&EC:!P;VEN=!T:&ES(&%C8V]U;G0@:7



M+@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@

T0P

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K



M:61T:#TS1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&DI/]I
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M

M(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V




@86-C=6UU;&%T960@9&5P




@;V8@=&AE('!L




!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D


M=&EM97

4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A


T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X-

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
34E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y

M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
P#0H@(`@(`@

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


M(`@(`Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT^36]T;W(@=F5H:6-L97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U,4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#$P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@('EE87)S#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG











M(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M.B`Q



T0Q
#`E

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M





@
M:7

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&HI/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@










T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

T0Q

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

F4Z(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP



M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M




M=VED=&@]
T0Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAL*3PO
F4Z
M(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y!
M8V-O=6YT:6YG(&9O<B!T:&4@26UP86ER;65N=!O9B!
;VYG+4QI=F5D($%S





M

@




M:71S('5N9&ES8V]U;G1E9!C87-H(&9L;W=S('1O(&)E(&=E;F5R871E9X\
M+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B











3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O






T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

@














M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0^)B


@:6YC
M=7)R960N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M.B`Q



T0Q
#`E

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAO*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP


M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S


M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M;G0@8F5N969I='

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S


@


@87)E(&-H87)G960@=&\@=&AE

M(`@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B
M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M






M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V


M.B`Q

@









M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP

X

M(S@R
C$[($EN8V]M92!T87@@;&EA8FEL:71I97







M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*







M8V@@:7

Q
M+`R,#`W+B!(;W=E=F5R+!04D




M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S





@1552
C4P#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@;6EL;&EO;BX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J

M=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG





M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M

@;F5W(')O

T0Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T1N;W=R87`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(8C,38P.R8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CY487AA8FQE($EN8V]M
M93PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

B4^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M/E)A=&4\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


24^)B

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q.4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/D]V97(\
M+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\




M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-24-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4P+#`P,`T*(`@

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(`@(`@(`@(`@


C4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

PP,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^

`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-3`L,#`P#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^

`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S.24-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-R4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P,PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#,S-2PP,#`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P
M

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#

S
U+#`P
`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@,3`L,#`P+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
S
U+#`P
`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M
S4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

PP,#`L,#`P#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`Q-2PP
#`L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M/3-$

#`L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S.4-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-R4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$U+#`P,PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$X+#,S
M,RPS,S,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$U+#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
U)0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3@L,S,S+#,S,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`@(#QB

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E

T0Q

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI
M/BAR*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L






M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
#$S+B!0
M4D




X
C$W.W
@4%)#(')E9VES=&5R960@8V%P:71A;X-B`@

M(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M
T0Q

M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
F4Z(#$P<'0[
M;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y&;W)E:6=N
M(&-U<G)E;F-Y('1R86YS;&%T:6]N/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\








@86YD(&%V

@87





M

M

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU
M/C$R+S,Q+S(P,30\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q,SPO=3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#8N
3

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-BXQ,3`T#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D%N;G5A;!A=F5R86=E(%)-
M0CH@55,D(&5X8VAA;F=E(')A=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V+C$T,S(-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#8N
3DP-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y996%R

M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
XX.#(V#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V



M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
XW-3,R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T0G8F]R

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@



@870@=&AE(')A=&5S('5S960@:6X@=')A;G-L871I;VXN

M92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T

M97

T0Q

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/BAT*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N
F4Z(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R
M:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y2979E;G5E(')E8V]G;FET:6]N
M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT<CX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0G


M979E;G5E(')E8V]G;FET:6]N('!O;&EC:65S(&%R92!I;B!C;VUP;&EA;F-E




6UE;G1S(')E8V5I


M(&%S('5N96%R;F5D(')E=F5N=64N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


M
3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM87)G
M:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
















M+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B


@96%R;FEN9W





2PQ-34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!W87)R86YT

2PS

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L








C`[4T9!4R!.;RX@
3(X)B
X
C(Q.RDL(&%N

M;G0@8F%S:6








M8VQU9&5D(&9R;VT@=&AE(&-A;&-U;&%T:6]N(&]F(&1I;'5T960@15!3+CPO


T0P('-T

3!P=#L@



M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


@86YD(&]T:&5R(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S


@9'5E('1O
M('1H96ER('-H;W)T(&UA='5R:71I97
N($%30R!4;W!I8R`X

M4T
@5&]P:6

M.#(R


@9&ES


N

M9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='



M979E;'








C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@






M;G!U='


3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\
M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#@U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
M

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I
M=#LG/DQE=F5L(#
@:6YP=71S('1O('1H92!V86QU871I;VX@;65T:&]D;VQO


MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`@(`@(`\









M
3L@86YD($%30R`X
34N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M93H@
3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R
M,#$T(&%N9`R



!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L


L

4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]





3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QI/D-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(&%N9!C;VYT:6YG96YC:65S/]I/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M;&ET:6=A=&EO;BP@9FEN97









4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*'@I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
M

M86XL=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0G


M;F-O;64@:7
@9&5F:6YE9!T;R!I;F-L=61E(&%L;!C:&%N9V5S(&EN(&5Q

@




M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V


'!T


M;64F(S@R

M;V8@;F5T(&EN8V]M92!A;F0@86QL(&-H86YG97
@=&\@=&AE('-T871E;65N
M='

X

2P@
C`Q-!A;F0@,C`Q,R!I;F-L=61E9!N970@



3`P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V






#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@





@5&]P:6
@


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\

M


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I




M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M

@5&]P:6
@
M






M871E;65N='
F(S@R
3([1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D($]P97)A=&EO;G
N(%1H870@







@87
@:&5L


@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]N(&]R(&%F
M=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R(#$U+`R,#$T+!A;F0@:6YT97)I;2!P97)I;V1S('=I

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B





3L@16YT:71I97
@8V]M;6]N;'D@:7-S=64@

M8VEF:6








@:6X@86X@:6YI

M;W)M86YC92!T87)G970@8V]U;&0@8F4@86-H:65V960@869T97(@86X@96UP

M(%1H870@:7


M97)F;W)M86YC92!T87)G970@:7
@86-H:65V960N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/B8C

M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y

L








@57!D871E(&ES(&EN=&5N9&5D('1O(')E



T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@




M(`@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T





#M!4U4@
C`Q-TQ-28C.#(R,3LI+B!4:&4@57!D871E
M('!R;W9I9&5S(%4N4RX@1T%!4!G=6ED86YC92!O;B!M86YA9V5M96YT)B
X
M
C$W.W


M-SMS(&%B:6QI='D@=&\@8V]N=&EN=64@87
@82!G;VEN9R!C;VYC97)N(&%N




@=&AA=!R86ES92!S=6)S=&%N=&EA;!D;W5B=!A8F]U=!A
M(&-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

M/'`@86QI9VX]


M

M9'



@


N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\



C`[26YC;VUE




C4M
C`M-#4M






M8V%L(&%C=&EV:71I97






M92!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]R9&EN87)Y(&]P97)A=&EO;G

QA9G1E<B!I;F-O;64@9G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO
M;G







@








T1J=7-T




M9F9E8W0@;VX@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R

M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P-3)E







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4D535%))0U1%1!#05-((%M497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^





M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@






M97


@
M87)E(&AE;&0@9F]R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#8P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@





M7S0R
F9?8C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]


]
T1R93X-

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M9CLG('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H)0D)3QB/C0N/]B/CPO=&0^#0H)0D)/'1D




!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D


M=&EM97



T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[

M/C$R+S
Q+S(P
30\+W4^(#PO:3X\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*
M0D)0D\+W1R/@T*0D)0D\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*0D)0D)/'1D


24^#0H)0D)0D)
M)#PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H)0D)0D)-C0L
M-S(V+#`Y,3PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)
M28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)34T
M+#4Q,2PS-3`\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X-@D)0D)
M0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\+W1R/@T*0D)0D\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*0D)0D)/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/@T*
M0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-@D)0D)0D\:3X\=3Y,97-S/]U/B`\+VD^(#QI
M/CH\+VD^($%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
\+W1D/@T*


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D)*#4L.3$Y
M+#8R-3PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)2D\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

24^#0H)0D)0D)
M)B

M0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R

#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


M9&]U8FQE)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-@D)0D)0DD
M/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

3(E/@T*0D)0D)34X+#@P
M-BPT-C8\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X-@D)0D)0DF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

T0G8F]R9&5R

C
X*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E




C



T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N

C

Q+S(P
30\+W4^(#PO


C
X+`R,S@L
M(#(S.D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M
S@L(#(S.D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X-@D)0D)
M0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO=W)A

C
X
M+`R,S@L(#(S.D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)
M0D)0D)/&D^/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q

S@L(#(S.D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D\
M+W1R/@T*0D)0D\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*0D)0D)/'1D('9A;&EG


M9'1H/3-$

M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^#0H)0D)
M0D)*3PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M0D)2@T-#
L.#DX/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^#0H)0D)0D)*3PO=&0^#0H)0D)

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
X+`R,S@L(#(S.D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]

C
X
M*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*0D)

C
X*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)



M9'1H/3-$


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
M
C
X+`R,S@L(#(S.D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-

C
X*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M
C

M0D))B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)0D)0DM/]T9#X-
M@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^#0H)0D)0D))B


S@L(#(S.D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-@D)0D)0DF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
M
C
X+`R,S@L(#(S.D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H)0D)0D)0F%D
M(&1E8G0@=W)I='1E;BUO9F8\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

C




M
C

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
X+`R,S@L(#(S.D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]


S@L
M(#(S.P@,C,X*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-@D)
M0D)0DT+#`R
SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]


S@L(#(S.P@,C,X*3LG('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)28C
38P.SPO=&0^

T1T;W`^#0H)0D)0D\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H)0D)0D))B
Q-C`[

P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


C4\

P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-@D)0D)









M8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B
#$Y








M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]





M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y

L

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/&(^3U1(15(@4D5#14E604)
15





3!P=#LG/D]T:&5R(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S(&-O;G-I

#$T



!S='EL93TS1=B


M86XL=&EM97

4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&YO=W)A

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,30\+W4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@




M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,38R
M+#DP-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
38S+#8U-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

S
S+#0Q

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#0R,PU-#@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$T.2PS-3`-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M92!R96-E:79A8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

2PV
CDL
#8R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M+#0Q
RPW.34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y696YD;W(@




M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[
M)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q
M-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[
M)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q
M-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[
M)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q
M-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[
M)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q
M-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[
M)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q
M-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[
M)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q
M-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[
M)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q
M-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[
M)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q
M-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


RPT.#4-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
M
#`@

24^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;W5B;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@-2PV.3@L,#(P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y


M86YC97

M='

M;G-P;W)T871I;VXL(&UE86QS+!C;&EE;G0@96YT97)T86EN;65N=P@8V]M






M='






@











M;7!L;WEE97
L(&]F9FEC97)S('-I9VX@;F]T97
@=VAE;B!C87-H(&ES(&ES

M(&9O;W1N;W1E#0H@(`@(`Q
BP@2G5N86X@2&]N9W)U;B!L96YT(&UO;F5Y


M;&]S960@87
@)B
X

M97
F(S@R


T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#4E




M(&EN=&\@82!C;V]P97)A=&EV92!D979E;&]P;65N=!A9W)E96UE;G0@*'1H
M92`B06=R965M96YT(BDL(&%N9!I;B!-87)C:`R,#$Q+!*:6%N9W-U($AE





@8GD@2G5N





M8W0N#0H@(`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@(`@($%S(&]F($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#


M;&ET:6=A=&EO;B!A9V%I;G-T($IU;F%N($AE;F=J:2!I;B`R
#$S(&%N9!(
M96YG($%N($EN=F5S=&UE;G0@:6X@,C`Q-!F;W(@82!C;&%I;2!O9B!234(Q
M

M86YT965D('!R;V9I=!O9B!234(R,PP
#`L

M=F%L=6%T960@=&AE('!O=&5N=&EA;!C;&%I;7,@86=A:6YS=!*=6YA;B!(


M9&]N9R!

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P-3)E8C`Q



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]




]







4^#0H@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^24Y614Y43U))15
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\


T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I



2P@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M




M=VED=&@]
T0Q

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V



T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$S/]U/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

BPR
M-S@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

C
L
#DP+#4U
PT*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

34L-C@W+#DW-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-3$L-C0X+#$V,`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@-#$L.34P+#(U,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*




3


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4V0SX-B`@(`@(#QT

]


T1T;W`^4%)/4$52
M5%DL(%!






M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M4D]015)462P@4$Q!3E0@04Y$($5154E0345.5#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B

M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO


2P@

M97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D

@;F5W

T0Q

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B




M(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3
\+W4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



T1T;W`^

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.R`F(S$V
M,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`X-RPW
M-3$L
C
R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#@Q+#,R-2PT,C8-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P
M.R`F(S$V,#M,86YD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,C,R+#DT-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#M


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
PY
M,C,L-S8X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

PT*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@
C$L.#4S+#
S-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M-RPT-C
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#M/9F9I8V4@97%U:7!M96YT
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PP.34L-3DP#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@-C@Q+#`V,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.TUO=&]R('9E:&EC
M;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M

3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#8U-PS
C0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M-3@R+#$R.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3(R+#4Q
2PQ.30-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@
3`V+#0P


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A

\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/CH\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@06-C


M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[0G5I
M;&1I;F=S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#$T+#0W.2PY-#D-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L@)B

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H-#`R+#$U,PT*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@


M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.TUA

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#$S
M+#$X
2PU
3D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#8L.3$V+#4R-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG

M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F
M(S$V
#M/9F9I8V4@97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#$L
C4R+#@T-@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H-3(T+#DS
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
M


38P.SPO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`H
S0P+#8W-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(@S
RPS-C(L-C8T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

B4^*3PO=&0^


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@*#$X+#@S.PW
SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M.#DL,30X+#4S,`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M



T0G;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#4E.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL











#$P+B!);B`R

M960@=&AR964@9W)E96YH;W5S97



C(V+#@W



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C
M-V9A7S0R
F9?8C




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M04Y'24)
12!!4U-%5%


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^24Y404Y'24),12!!4U-%5%,L($Y%5!;5&5X=!

M;&4]

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^.X\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@




MB`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0U)3XF
M(S$V

@;F5W



2P@

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L

@;F5W(')O;6%N

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R

M;3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO

B\S
M
2\R
#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L



M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

PY-#4-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(!5=&EL:71I97

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#4P+#8W-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4P+#DP.0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M/B8C


M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

2PX-C
-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U.2PT.38-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!0871E
M;G0L#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^870@8V]S=#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#$L-30S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3DL-C`T+#@P-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@



M1#$E/B8C

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@*#(L
#8V+#DS-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D



M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]




#$L

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
M
S-A7S`U
F5B




M86X]

#$T



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E

M(`@(`@(#QB/D)!3DL@3$]!3E

M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM
M87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/D)A;FL@;&]A;G
@:6YC;'5D92!B86YK(&]V97)D




M


3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\


3(O
S$O
C`Q-#PO=3X-

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S
M.#`L,3`V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@


M;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO96T^#0H@

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#(Q-PQ-#8-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^3$-,($)A;G%U92!E=!!

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#

3`U+#4P
M.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y3;V-I)B,R,S,[=8C
C
S.R!')B
R
M
S
[;B8C
C

M=!R871E(&]F/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(!%55))0D]2*S$N-S`E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/&D^9'5E('=I=&AI;CPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&5M
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]E;3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^;6]N=&AS/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@,C@U+#8R,0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/DEN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@;V8\+VD^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($554DE3U(K
2XW
M
4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3YD=64@
M=VET:&EN/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\96T^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V5M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3YM
M;VYT:',\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

W#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@

M:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^9'5E('=I=&AI;CPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/&5M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]E;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^;6]N=&AS/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y(4T)#+#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^



M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#(R+#DV

M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@

M(`@(!%55))0D]2*S$N-S`E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/&D^9'5E('=I=&AI;CPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&5M
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]E;3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^;6]N=&AS/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@
BPP-#
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^0D53+P\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QI/DEN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@;V8\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($554DE3U(K
2XW
4-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3YD=64@=VET:&EN/]I/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\96T^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,PT*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+V5M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3YM;VYT:',\+VD^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V


-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L.#8T#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@,RPY-3$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q
M-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


T0G;6%R

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
2X\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B






B\S
2\R
#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R


M($-H:6YA+#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q
M-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

2PS.#8-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M(`U+C@X)2!P97(@86YN=6T[(&1U92`Q+S@O,C`Q-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2PQ-#4L-3@X#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\
M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V


M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

C(-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L
#@X+#
P.`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M




O-\R,#$U
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V


M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R
M97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-RXQ

M9'5E(#
O

C`Q-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-PP
M-S(L-C4V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R

T1B;W1T;VT^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V-4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2XW-4@

#$U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V-4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN

M.R!D=64@-\R-\R

M.34L.#@T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[
M/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V


PP,3D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T

M(`@(`V+C4P)2!P97(@86YN=6T[(&1U92`Q
\Q-\R
#$U#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R
M-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0V-4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-

3$O
B\R
#$U
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#8R.2PP-C(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

B\Q+S(P
34-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-C(Y+#`V,@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO


M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

C8[

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PV
S8L-34T
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T
M(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M+S$P+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-C0E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y


M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@26YT97)E

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

2\Q-R\R
#$U
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@26YT97)E

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

30L-3
Q#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0V-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M

M(`@(`@(`@(#QI/DQO86X@9G)O;2!!9W)I8W5L='5R86P@0F%N:R!O9B!#
M:&EN82P@2G5N86X@0G)A;F-H/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0V-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0V-4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@,2PV,CDL,#8R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/DQO
M86X@9G)O;2!!9W)I8W5L='5R86P@0F%N:R!O9B!#:&EN82P@3'5O=&EA;CPO
M:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&5M/D)R86YC:#PO96T^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-RXX)2!P97(@86YN
M=6T@9'5E(#@O
C`O
C`Q-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@,2PV,S8L-34T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T
M;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V-4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T
M(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-RXX)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#DO
M,R\R,#$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M+#8S-BPU-30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R+#$Q-RPW.#$-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS

O
M
C0O
C`Q-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2PV,CDL,#8R
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


B!V86QI
M9VX]

M=7)A;!$979E;&]P;65N=!86YK/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
M-4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@-BXP)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$O
R\R
#$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

M(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@




M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S
S+#`W.`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@.#$X+#(W-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N


0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/B8C


M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F(&-O;'-P86X]
M,T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

P.2PR-#
-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB
M/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V-4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-C(L.3`V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@

M9XL/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F(&-O;'-P
M86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`V+C`P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#DO,C,O,C`Q-`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2PV,S8L-34T#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0V-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

C8[/]B
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS

M(`W+C@P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$P+S(V+S(P,34-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#$L-C(Y+#`V
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@

B4^)B
Q-C`[

M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

M+C8P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#DO
3(O

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2PV,S8L-34T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#$L-C(Y+#`V
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

38P.SPO


M
3(E/B8C



MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@



M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

B4^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[
M/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/@T*(`@(`@


2\S+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L,30U+#4X.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@


34-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

C8[

#$U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@8F=C;VQO



M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0V-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS

2\S
M+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V-30L-C(R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V-4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@-BXP)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$O-R\R,#$U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M(`@(`W
S
L

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3@L


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R
M-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-BXP
M)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#DO
2\R
#$U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

30L-3
Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V-4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T


38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/B8C


M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^




M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

V

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$V
BPY
#8-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



M;F%L(%1R=7-T($-O+BP@3'1D+BP\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R
C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


3(E/B8C
38P


M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^0F%N:R!O9B!.:6YG
M8F\@+#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0V-4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@

30-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-C,V+#4U-`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@


M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2PV,CDL,#8R#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V
M-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QI/DAA;FMO=2!86YK+!'=6%N9V=U($)R86YC:P\+VD^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

3(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R
M,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M-30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`V+CDU)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#@O,C0O,C`Q-0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PV
CDL
#8R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0V-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A

M=64@.\R,B\R,#$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M(`@(`Q+#8S-BPU-30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#8T)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

M+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C


M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M8CXF(S@R
C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@



2\S
M+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I


30-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^3'5Z:&5N($-R961I=!5;FEO;BP\+VD^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

B4^)B
Q

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R
M,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M+C0P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#(O

C`Q-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-#DP+#DV-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

B4^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R
C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#8R.2PP
M-C(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@8F=C;VQO

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M+S(P
30\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`X,#$L.3$R#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R
M-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

S`O
M
C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]


X
C(V
M.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X-B`@(`@

M)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#(O
C4O
C`Q-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@.#$T+#4S,0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

C8[/]B/@T*(`@


M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`W.3@L
C0Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\
M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-BXV

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#4R
2PS
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS

M(`V+C8P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$Q+S(W+S(P,34-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#@Q-PU,S$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@



M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@26YT97)E

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#8T)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^0F%N:R!O9B!#:&EN82P@4&%R:7,@0G)A;F-H/]I
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&-O;'-P86X],T0R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^
M)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

O-2\R
M
#$U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S+#8R,BPV-C8-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

M(`@(`@(`@(`R+C4P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#
O-2\R

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L.34T+#`T.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T


38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M



T1J

'!T


2P@

T0G8F]R

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG



#L\+W1D

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

M+C@P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#
O
30O

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(Q
M+#(X-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C
M.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^#0H@

34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$V+#,U-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B



M(`@(`@(#0N

3(O
C`O
C`Q-@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(`@(`@(`@(`@-S
L
#@R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B




3(O
C`O
C`Q-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(&%N;G5M(&1U92`Q
B\R
\R,#$V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`Q,#@L.#8T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!C;VQS

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/D-R
M961I=!!9W)I8V]L92P\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A

M9'5E(#$R+S(P+S(P
38-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P.PX-C0-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-

M92!A=`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+C@U)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$O,C4O
M,C`Q-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-#(L.30W#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF
M(S@R
C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT


M(&%T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0N

3(O
C`O
M
C`Q-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

3`X+#@V-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M(`@(`\:3Y86YQ=64@5&%R;F5U9P\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
M+S(P
30J#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

S4L-C(T#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN

M(&1U92`T+S
P+S(P
34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]


B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y4$D@1G)A;F-E+#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N


M
3(O
C`O
C`Q-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-30W+#`T
M-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y3;V-I)B,R,S,[=8C
M
C
S.R!')B
R
S
[;B8C
C
S.W)A;&4L/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R

T1B;W1T;VT^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,BXY,4@

38-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P








;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P-3)E8C`Q.64W



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S




3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6-O

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@




M1#4E/B8C

M(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS
M1#8P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-#PO=3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P


Q+S(P
3
\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M(`@(`@(#QI/D1E=F5L;W!M96YT($)A;FL\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
RPP
S(L-3`P#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q
M-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V

M)B


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

BPU
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO

T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@



M97





!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


M97

4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@;F]W

M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\


M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


B\S
2\R
#$S
M/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0V
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y



24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\


M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]


\R,#$T#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q

2PY
S
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF
M(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS


M92`Q
2\R
\R,#$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Y.#$L.3
R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0V

#$U#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

30P+#
T-`T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R


M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PS
#
L

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@


T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

M
3(E/B8C

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@
M870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U+C4Q

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R


M.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M92`Y+S$U+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-C`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U+C4Q

M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PX-S4L
#`P
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\
M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U+C4Q


T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V
M

RPU.30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



RPX-C4-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/E1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^)B
Q-C`[

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q.2PR,C8L,#DT#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



W
M9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B







]

T1)1#!%-D




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#







M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C$Q+CPO
M8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M=&EM97

M;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^3D]415,@4$%9
M04),12!!3D0@0T].5D525$E3$4@4%)/34E34T]262!.3U1%/]B/@T*(`@



C`Q
SH\+W`^#0H@


T0G8F]R9&5R

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

T1L969T(&YO

Q

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R
M,#$T/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO=W)A



38P.SPO

3(O
S$O
C`Q
M
SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C



M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R
C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M-C(Y+#`V
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[

M97

L/]I/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870@155224)/4B`K#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@
2XW)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E('=I=&AI;@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!M;VYT:',-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

24^)B
Q-C`[

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R
C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@;6]N=&AS#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-#,T+#0W-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V
#L\


M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

24^)B

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG



M9W)I8V]L92P\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$



M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W
#4L
#@Q#0H@(`@(`@

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q



T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C
M.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870@155224)/4B`K
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,2XW)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E('=I=&AI;@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!M;VYT:'
-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S`U+#`X,0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG


M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C



24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V



T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U-3DL,C`S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C
38P.SPO

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M

#`U+#0S
`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

















4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1L

T1N;W=R
M87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$T/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0V
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


86YE($=R;W5P($QI;6ET960\+VD^#0H@

T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@


R\Q
R\R
#$U#0H@

M:60G('=I9'1H/3-$

M
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W
M:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,RPU,#`L,#`P#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI
M9VX]

M.B`Q

@;V8@=&AE($YO=&4L

M(&%C8W)U97


@9'5E(&%N
M9!P87EA8FQE(&]N($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R





M;&4L(&%T('1H92!E;&5C=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@2&]L9&5R+!O;B!397!T96UB
M97(@,3,L(#(P,30@;W(@36%R8V@@,3,L(#(P,34@*8C.#(R


X
C(Q.RDL('!R;W9I9&5D+!H;W=E=F5R+!I9B!(;VQD97(@
M9F%I;'



M

M

M('1H92!.;W1E+!A=!A;GD@=&EM92!C;VUM96YC:6YG(&]N(&]R(&%F=&5R

RP@

#$U


M
#M#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VLF(S@R


#M#;VYV
M97)S:6]N(%!R:6-E)B
X
C(Q.RD[('!R;W9I9&5D+!H;W=E=F5R+!T:&4@


'1E;G0I('1H870@=&AE($AO;&1E
M<B!W;W5L9!B96YE9FEC:6%L;'D@;W=N(&EN(&5X8V5S<R!O9B!T:&4@0F5N

M=RDL('=H:6-H(&)E;F5F:6-I86P@;W=N97)S:&EP('=I;&P@8F4@8V%L8W5L

@86UE;F1E9X@
M5&AE(8C.#(R

:6UI=&%T:6]N)B
X
M

@
M;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&EM;65D:6%T96QY(&%F=&5R

M;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@:7-S=6%B;&4@=7!O;B!C;VYV97)S:6]N(&]F('1H92!.

M

@;F5W(')O



M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\



]


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5$%815
@4$%904)
15

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QB/C$R+CPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-

M5$%815
@4$%904)
15
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@

M/B8C

T0U)3XF(S$V






M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3
\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`Q+#8V-PU.38-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Y
M.38L-C(Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
BPU-S(L-C8S#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]


M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T-#(L,S@R#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L


@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG


M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PT-S@-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#0X-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@,34X+#$Y-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$U.PY
C$-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V


M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4S+#0P,`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#8T+#`V,@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M1#4E/B8C

M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


M

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-PS

M.B`C
#`P


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T
M+#0R
BPQ
S
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]

M86QI9VX]

]
T1T97AT
M/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M.B`Q



T0Q
#`E
M/@T*0D)/'1R/@T*0D)3QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-
M@D)0D)/&(^
3






M87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3

M

M

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*0D)0D)29N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L


M0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]


M0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]



M
T1T;W`^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D)

3PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T



3PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS


M#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H)0D)0D),C4L-C,Q/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^#0H)0D)0D)

M3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-@D)0D)0DS.2PW-C4\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M0D)/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/@T*0D)0D)29N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C


M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
M@D)0D)0DQ+#,U.2PT-S(\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M
3(E/@T*0D)0D)3DR-RPY.#8\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M

M9VX]

M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^#0H)0D)0D))FYB

L.3

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

#8Q/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^#0H)0D)

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

3(E/@T*
M0D)0D)3@Q.2PW-S4\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X-

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-

3(E
M/@T*0D)0D)2T\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T1L969T

M=&%X97


3(E
M/@T*0D)0D)34P-2PU.#0\+W1D/@T*0D)0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]


M0D)0D\+W1R/@T*0D)0D\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*0D)0D)/'1D

M93PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)29N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D)
3`X
M+#4R.#PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)29N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/@T*0D)0D)29N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H)0D)0D)
M+3PO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/@T*0D)0D)29N8G-P

T1T;W`^#0H)
M0D)0D\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H)0D)0D)

M0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M('=I9'1H/3-$


M29N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H)0D)0D\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*0D)0D)3(X-2PS,#`\+W1D/@T*0D)
M0D)/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R

M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P



M9&]U8FQE)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H)0D)0D)
M-PQ-3,L,#4T/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-@D)0D)
M0DD/]T9#X-@D)0D)3QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O



W
M9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B







]

T1)1#!%-D


3(@

S$L(#(P













3`P

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-#PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M86QI9VX]

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3
\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\:3Y


X
C(P.T1%1R8C.#(R
3LI/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\


M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C
M.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@

38-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$

M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

38P


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\8CXF(S@R
C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/D).4!087)I8F%S+#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

B\R
\R,#$V
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P-2PX-C,-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

L/]I
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO

M(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T
M+C(P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$R+S(P+S(P,38-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`T+#
Y-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R
M97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`T+C(P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@
M9'5E(#$R+S(P+S(P
38-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@,3`T+#,Y-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(!)


M;G5M(&1U92`Q+S(U+S(P

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/DQ#3!86YQ=64@970@07-S=7)A;F-E+#PO:3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M
B\R
\R,#$V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#$P-PS.30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@


M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT



B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^4V]C:28C,C,S.W0F(S(S,SL@
M1R8C,C,S.VXF(S(S,SMR86QE+#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[
M/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

BXY

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\8CXF(S@R
C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M(&1U92`P-B\R

S-RPP-C0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@


M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@


B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^0F%N8V\@17-P:7)I=&\@
M4V%N=&\\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^


M9VX]

T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C
38P.SPO

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#(L-S`W+#4X-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M


C4L


T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XH82XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$.3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@


M(&]F(&%B;W5T(%531#$R+#`P
PP,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@;VX@=&AE


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0^*&(N*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!W:61T:#TS1#DP)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF

M(`@(`@(`@(`@56YD97)T86ME('1O('!R;W9I9&4@82!S:&%R92!P;&5D


M=70@55-$
3(L
#`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!I;B!F;W)M(&%N9!S


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/BAC+BD\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Y


M.B`Q


B@Q




M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^
M*&0N*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS








M;G
@;V8@;F]T97

M;V8@=&AE#0H@(`@(`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

C`Q
SH\



3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-C`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M/B8C

M
3(O
S$O
C`Q-#PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO

3(E/B8C
38P.SPO

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C
M.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

3(O
C@O
C`Q-0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@
3
L
#DR+#0S
@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^)B
Q


3(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($1E8F5N


M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
M-BPR.3`L-C(U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
38L
S8U+#4T
M
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0V,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

24^)B
Q-C`[

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A



M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($EN

M;2!D=64@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@,38L,CDP+#8R-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,38L,S8U+#4T,0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


R
M+#4X
2PR-#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P




M.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4









]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N

34N/]B/@T*(`@

25I!5$E/3CPO

M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M;R!-87D@
RP@



2P@


#
W
M+#@U.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!A;F0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-#@Y+#
S
M



@;V8@=&AE




@:6X@=&AE(&%D:G5S=&UE;G0@=V%S(&%N(&%D

@


M8V%L8W5L871I;VXN($%S(&1E=&%I;&5D(&EN('1H92!T86)L92!B96QO=RP@

@870@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@=V%S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
T+#DQ-BPW
30N


M
T0U)3XF(S$V

M97


M.3

@=&\@:6YV97-T;W)S+B!4:&4@0V]M


@86YD#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#4P
2PQ



#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@


BPP




M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
L-#0P+#@P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!S:&%R97,@
M870@86X@86=R965D('!R:6-E(&]F(0R+C@P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@('!E

3`L
M(#(P
3`N(%1H:7



M:&%R97







M=&EM97





M97


@86YD(&EN8W)E87-E








M($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D#0H@(`@(`S
#`L
#`P#0H@(`@(!S:&%R97
@
M=&\@82!C;VYS=6QT:6YG(&-O;7!A;GD@87





'!T.R!B;W)D97(M

@;F5W(')O

T0Y-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M
4^27-S=6%N8V4@9&%T93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M:61T:#TS1#(P)3Y3:&%R97

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/D-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!A=`Q+S$O,C`P.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$
C`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
C`P+#`P
PP,#`-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(U+#$W
M,BPV-#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\


M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(P)3Y687)I;W5S(&1A=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R,4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U-BPS.3
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@3F5W('-H


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
C`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4L,#$Q+#$V.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L,#`P#0H@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@($YE=R!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D('1O(%!)4$4-B`@(`@(`@(`@

-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3XY+S$P+S(P
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
L-#0P+#@P
`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4L,#`P#0H@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@($YE=R!S:&%R97


M
C`E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
C`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S
Q

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

3$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P
M)3XU+S4O
C`Q



T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@($YE=R!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D


M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
4^-R\R,\R
#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R-RPP.3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@('-T;V-K(&EN8V5N
M=&EV92!P;&%N#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3X-B`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R

3(-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@


M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#,P,PP
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!A=`Q,B\S,2\R,#$T
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
T+#DQ-BPW
30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@
M(`@/]D:78^#0H@(`@(`@(#QD:78@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0Q(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C




T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R


M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N

@:7-S=65D


M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R

RPY
#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3XQ
\R.\R
#`Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M,4^)B



M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@


T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H





M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7-I



M





3$E.1R!)3E1%
M4D535%
\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

38P.SPO

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@





@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9SH\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@

T0P(&-E

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F



M:#TS1#$P
F4Z(#$P<'0[
M;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C



M8GD@0FEO8G)A;F-O($E)+!!;&-I9&5S($)R86YC;RP@86YD($YU;F\@0G)A
M;F-O+@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F
M860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

15



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C$W+CPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S

15
@0ED@4%)/1%5#5!465!%/]B/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B






M


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

B\S
2\R

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q,SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,30L-S`Y+#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3(S+#`S
M-RPX.34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D-O;G9E;FEE;F-E(&9O;V0\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U.PX-S0L-C`Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M-C(L,C$S+#0S,@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M/D9R;WIE;B!F;V]D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

24^)B
Q


MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,C$U+#(W.2PW.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y4
M;W1A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M9&]U8FQE)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`R

`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N






M93H@

M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3
\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R


T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R
#8L
C0Q

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#4Y+#,Q-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`T,RPS.3`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@



M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/D-A;F%D83PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Q-#(L-C(P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^0VAI;F$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#$S.PX
S0L
#$V#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,PT*(`@

M1#4E/B8C


24^)B

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#(U+#8V-2PW.3$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`R+#(X
BPR
C`-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3Y'97)M86YY/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.3DS+#@Y.0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L,C,R+#8T.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

38P.SPO=&0^



M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

R
M.2PQ-C
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^27-R865L/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.#@L.#0U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-38V
M+#8U
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,C(L,3,Q+#@S-PT*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

3(E/@T*


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M-SDW+#
Y
0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-2PW-C`-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`X
#@L-3`U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^3F5W(%IE86QA;F0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`V
BPS
C$-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`X,3$L,SDQ#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-C$T+#(W-@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@


M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q


M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^4&]R='5G
M86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U+#DS,PV-34-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`S+#4U-RPR
S(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y2975N:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-C8L,3@Q#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M/B8C

24^)B
Q

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
3@L-SDU#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^4V%U9&D@07)A8FEA/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


S4Y+#8U-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(#(L-#$S+#$S-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-RPR,C4L,34S#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.2PS,S4L.#$Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^4W!A:6X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`S
3@L-C8Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M


M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
#@L.30V

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^5&AA
M:6QA;F0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Y-#@L,38U#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@-C`T+#(V.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C


M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
BPQ.#(L-#
V

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PR-CDL.3@V#0H@(`@(`@

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#@S-2PR,S$-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y6:65T;F%M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C
M-V9A7S0R
F9?8C




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M9CLG('=I9'1H/3-$
3H@=&EM97
@;F5W

M:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/DE.0T]-12!405A%4SPO8CX-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


M/]T86)L93X-B`@(`\8G(O/@T*(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS




M/B8C

M(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

S+C
E#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
M,T0Y,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@4&]R='5G86P@=&%X(')A=&4@:7,-B`@(`@
M(`@(`R,R4N#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO



@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
30@86YD(#(P
3
Z/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]


B\S
2\R
#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
C
L-30W+#
Y-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

2PY
C
-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\

M(`@(`@(`@(@R.#4L
#8R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

S0-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(%!20R!3

3(-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M.B`C
#`P

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#
L
#@Y

@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`U+#4W
RPW-38-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C


&5M<'1I;VX\+W4^#0H@(`@
M(`\+VD^#0H@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]


B\S
2\R
#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D5F9F5C=!O9B!T87@@97AE;7!T:6]N
M(&=R86YT960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

M(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
M

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S-PX
#@L
C(Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[


M969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

38P
M.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


C`Q
SH\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M.B`Q



T0Q
#`E

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&YO

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,30\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QE;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V5M/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/E4N4RX@9F5D97)A;!S=&%T=71O

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,S4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/DQO=V5R(')A=&5S(&EN(%!20RP@;F5T/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@+3$P)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+3$P)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^5&%X(&AO



B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M(`@(`M


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#0Q+C(R)0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(S
M+CDV)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B





2P@
C`P

M(`R-24@=&%X(')A=&4@86-R;W-S('1H92!B;V%R9!F;W(@86QL(&5N=&5R



C`[='=O+7EE87(@97AE;7!T:6]N(&9O;&QO

C$[(&AI=&AE

@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@=&AE




2P@
6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUL969T.B`U)3L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S

@





M(&EN8V]M92!I;B!T:&4@9G5T=7)E('-O('1H870@:70@=VEL;!B92!A8FQE
M('1O('1A:V4@9G5L;!A9'9A;G1A9V4@;V8@=&AE(&%C8W)U960@=&%X(&%S

@;F]T('!R;W9I9&5D
M(&$@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@=&AE(&%C8W)U960@=&%X(&%S








T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R-R4^0VAI

T1L

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XR,#$T/]U/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3Y

M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M
C4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

M86EN/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

C4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@
C4E#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

3(E/@T*

T1B;W1T


M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R-24-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG


M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y$;VYG9W5A;B!,
M;W)A:6X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`R-24-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P



M

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXQ.2X\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$.34E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/&(^14%23DE.1U


M97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&%B;&4@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$



T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R(&-O;'-P86X]

M92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R-R4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/&(^1&5C96UB97(@,S$L/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,C`Q,SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R


T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

M
3(E/B8C

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.R`F(S$V
M,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M,RPW-3(L-3(T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,38L-C,S+#@Y-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO

38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.TEN8V]M92!!=F%I

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]

L-S4R+#4R-`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$V+#8S
RPX.34-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y$:6QU=&5D($5A


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#M);F-O;64@
M079A:6QA8FQE('1O($-O;6UO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(#
L-S4R+#4R-`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9VX]

RPX.34-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

@


M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,RPW-3(L-3(T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@

38L-C
S+#@Y-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`S-PV

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\


\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

S`P
M+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

#`P
#`P

24^)B
Q-C`[

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#@L
M
C(Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

38L-S$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT


M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^1&EL=71I

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M($]P=&EO;G


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@,S0L.#`X+#(R,0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

38P

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B


3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#`N,3$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M,XT.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M/BU$:6QU=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

3$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
XT
M.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XM0F%S:6
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/BU$
M:6QU=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,S0L.#`X+#(R,0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#,T+#8Q-BPW,30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B
#$Y93=F



]
T1R97!O

T1)1#!%-D



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

T0P('-T

3!P=#L@

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/C(P+CPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B





#DL
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


#`Y($EN8V5N


X
C$W.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('1H870@




#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


2P@

M960@82!T;W1A;!O9B`D,38V+#,T-@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(!O9B!S:&%R




L('=H97)E#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#
S+C
S)2!V97-T(&%N;G5A;&QY+B!4:&4@97AP96YS92!R96QA=&5D

3`W+#
W-2X@5&AE($-O;7!A


M='
[('1H97-E(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97
@=F5S=&5D(&EM;65D:6%T96QY+B!'
M:79E;B!T:&4@;6%T97)I86QI='D@86YD(&YA='5R92!O9B!S:&%R92!B87-E



N#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^


T0G;6%R9VEN

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S








30@4&QA;B!W87


X
M
C$W.W
@





M93H@


M(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
N/]P/@T*(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF

N


M93AE9F%D-SA?8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A
M7S`U
F5B




14%312!#3TU-251-14Y4


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]









T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L

@;F5W(')O;6%N

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG






M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B8C


Q+`R,#$T(&%R
M92!S:&]W;B!I;B!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/&)R+SX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


M/3-$






T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/D9R;VT\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,SDE/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=3Y4;SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@.3(L-C@U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.3(L-C@U#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XQ+S$O
C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#
Y)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XQ+S$O
M
C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
Y)3XX+SDO
C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M-C0Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


S0L-CDV#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D


2P@
C`Q-!W87,@)#,S-PV.38N#0H@


M97

3!P=#LG/E1H92!M:6YI;75M(&9U='5R

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M(`@/'4^1G)O;3PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/E1O/]U/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^
2\Q+S(P
30\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T,4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
M-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*

BPV.#4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XQ+S$O
C`Q
M-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M.3(L-C@U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^
2\Q+S(P
38\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T,4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
M-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#DR+#8X-0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/C$O
M
2\R
#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/C$R+S
Q+S(P

M(`@(`Y
BPV.#4-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XQ+S$O
M
C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3XX+SDO
M
C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\



T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
M
#`P
#`@

24^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-#(W+#,X,0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N








38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0^*&(N*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Y
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y('-T









#

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Y,4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Y



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M=&@]
T0Q


M9VX]




3PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M


M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




SPO=3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T


M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

3(O
S$O
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
M
#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
34\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Y-2PQ
M,30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3XQ+S$O
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

2PS
SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O,C`Q-CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
M
#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
M
C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`Q
M-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Y-2PQ,30-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Q
2PS
SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O,C`Q-SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R


M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W
M.PQ
C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
M
B\S
2\R
#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Y-2PQ,30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

2PS
SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^+S$O,C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
M
#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Y-2PQ
M,30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`Q
M.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
2PS
SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^+S$O,C`Q.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`Q.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Y-2PQ,30-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`Q.3PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

2PS
SD-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O,C`R,#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(P/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`R,#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Y-2PQ,30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`R
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R
M,#(P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
2PS
M
SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O,C`R,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
C@-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`R,3PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Y-2PQ
M,30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3XQ+S$O
C`R
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

2PS
SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O,C`R,CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
M
#(R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
M
C@-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`R
M,CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(R/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Y-2PQ,30-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`R
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#(R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Q
2PS
SD-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O,C`R,SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R


M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`X
M-2PW-S,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`R
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(`@(`@(`@(`Q
#(L-3(W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

2\Q+S(P
C
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3(O
S$O
C`R
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3(L
#DW#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\

M=&]M/B\Q+S(P
C0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

3(O
S$O
C`R-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@.#DL
C@Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,C0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

3(O
S$O
M
C`R-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`U
M+#8X
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
M
#(T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\


M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#@Y+#(X.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
#(U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`R-3PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A

M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O
C`R-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#(V/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`X.2PR.#D-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`R-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,#4L-C@S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

2\Q+S(P
C8\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M,3(L-S4W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS


M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.#DL,C@Y#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R-SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XO
2\R
#(X
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R
M+S
Q+S(P
C@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#@Y+#(X.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
M,2\R,#(X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,C@\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`R.#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E

T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O
M
C`R.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

B4^)B
Q-C`[

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`X.2PR.#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`R.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,#4L-C@S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,CD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3(L-S4W#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`S,#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.#DL,C@Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

2\Q+S(P
S`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@,3`U+#8X,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/C$O,2\R,#,P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,S`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XO
2\R
#
Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#@Y+#(X.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P-2PV.#,-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
M
C`S
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

B4^)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Q

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O,C`S,CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#
R/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`X.2PR.#D-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`S
CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#,R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
#4L-C@S#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,S(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

3(O
S$O
C`S
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@
3(L-S4W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
M
#
S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C4O
3DO
C`S
SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`U,PS
M
C(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X
M)3XQ+S$O,C`S,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XV+S$Y
M+S(P
S
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M8FQE)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-34V+#8U.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('-T

P
#`P
#`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L.#8T
M+#DP.`T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

P
#`P
M
#`@



T0G;6%R

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I





#$S(&%R92!S:&]W;B!I;B!T:&4@9F]L;&]W

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M

@;F5W(')O

T0Q

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QU/D9R;VT\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT


3PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@






SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V


3(O
S$O
C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E




M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
30\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Y-2PQ,30-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3$L,S,Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@-S@L,3(X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

2\Q+S(P
34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.34L
M,3$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

2\Q+S(P
M
34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3$L,S,Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M8F]T=&]M/B\Q+S(P
38\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S@L,3(X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,38\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.34L,3$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,38\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3$L,S,Y
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S@L,3(X#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

2\Q+S(P

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@.34L,3$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

2\Q+S(P

M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3$L
M,S,Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B\Q+S(P

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S@L,3(X#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q.#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.34L
M,3$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M.4^,2\Q+S(P,3@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@,3$L,S,Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B\Q+S(P,3D\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S@L
M,3(X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

2\Q+S(P
M
3D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.34L,3$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

2\Q+S(P
3D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@,3$L,S,Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

C`\

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R,#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M-S@L,3(X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,C`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@.34L,3$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,C`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R,#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3$L,S,Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@-S@L,3(X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

2\Q+S(P
C$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.34L
M,3$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

2\Q+S(P
M
C$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3$L,S,Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M8F]T=&]M/B\Q+S(P
C(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R,CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-S@L,3(X#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,C(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R,CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.34L,3$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,C(\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R,CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3$L,S,Y
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

2\Q+S(P
C
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@,3`R+#4R-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O,2\R,#(S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q
M+S(P,C,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M+#`Y-PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XO
2\R
#(T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,C0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@


B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

B4^)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,C0\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P
M-2PV.#,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`R-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(`@(`@(`@(`Q

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
M
2\R
#(U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`X
M.2PR.#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
M
C`R-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#(U/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
#4L-C@S#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,C4\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3(O
S$O
C`R-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3(L-S4W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@


M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
3(O
S$O
C`R
M-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@.#DL
C@Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

2\Q+S(P
C8\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V


3(O
S$O
C`R-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`U+#8X
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
#(V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C8\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#@Y+#(X.0T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
#(W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R
M+S
Q+S(P

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#$P-2PV.#,-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
M+S$O
C`R-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#(W/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O,C`R.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`X.2PR.#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`R.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
#4L-C@S#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M


2\Q+S(P
M
C@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

3(O
S$O
C`R.#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M
3(L-S4W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B\Q+S(P
CD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

3(O
S$O
C`R.3PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@.#DL
C@Y#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,CD\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3(O
S$O
C`R.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
3`U+#8X
PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
#(Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/C$R+S
Q+S(P
CD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
S`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
M
2\R
#
P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
M
S`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`S,#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#
P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E


M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O
M
C`S
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X
M)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#,Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`X.2PR.#D-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X
M)3XQ+S$O,C`S,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#
Q/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,#4L-C@S#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

2\Q+S(P
S$\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`S,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3(L-S4W#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M/B\Q+S(P

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@.#DL,C@Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,S(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`S,CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@,3`U+#8X,PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V



B4^
M)B

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XO
2\R
#
S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C0O
C4O
C`S
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

BPR-C$-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`S,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XU
M+S$Y+S(P
S
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@-3`L
M,S(R#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

2\Q+S(P
M
S
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^-B\Q.2\R,#,S/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@


M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

S0L
M-#DQ#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@


M97AT4&%R=%]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P-3)E8C`Q.64W9F0-



M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

T0Q

M(`@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



M93H@

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B





3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(!/;B!-87)C:`Q
BP@
C`Q-2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86YD($IA9&4@

RPU
#`L


RP@


U-2PR




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
M.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P-3)E8C`Q.64W9F0O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L



M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXR
RX\+V(^#0H@


251)
M1T%424].4SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M


M86X@2&5N9VII(%)E86P@17-T871E($1E=F5L;W!M96YT($-O+BP@3'1D+B`H
M(DIU;F%N($AE;F=J:2(I(&EN($YO=F5M8F5R(#(P
3





'!T.R!M87)G
M:6XZ(&EN:&5R:70[)SXF(S$V


M*'1H92`B06=R965M96YT(BD@8F5T=V5E;B!3:&%N9&]N9R!
;W)A:6X@86YD

@:6X@
M4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(P


;W)A:6X@


M87

BPT









M(&1O97



30L('1H92!C

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93AE9F%D-SA?8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
M
#4R96(P

O4VAE970S

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4








]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M


M(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^

M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0^)B

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




T0G8F]R9&5R

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@




M-SMS(&EN8V5P=&EO;BP@=&AE(&%G92!O9B!A8V-O=6YT(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S
M(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!L97-S('1H86X@;VYE('EE87(@:6YD:6-A=&EN9R!T:&%T


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

T0G



M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@


M



M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]


M(`@/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




@;V8@;W!E

M('1H92!04D
N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^

T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T1J=7-T:69Y

L

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/E1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


@86YD('-I9VYI9FEC86YT






M(&EN('1H92!04D


L

M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^1X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V



2!H87







M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^12X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@



M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M-24^)B





X
C$W.W
@9FEN86YC
M:6%L('-T871E;65N='
[(&AO=V5V97(L('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&EN8W)E87-E



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P-3)E8C`Q.64W9F0O5V]R



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
M
'0^


M/3-$




4^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@

T0G9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q

M971H;V0@;V8@06-C;W5N=&EN9SPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO



2!A8V-E<'1E9!A8V-O=6YT
M:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97,@:6X@=&AE(%5N:71E9!3=&%T97



L('=H:6-H(&%R


M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B

@;F5W




@:6X@87-S971S(&%N

#$T(&EN(&]R9&5R

2P@
C`Q
RX@5&AE


]

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L
M92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T

M97

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/&D^*&(I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


@:6X@=&AE(%5N




@

M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P



@




M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M9VX]

M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y!='1R:6)U=&%B;&4\+VD^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T1C




T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1B
M;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y.86UE(&]F
M($-O;7!A;GD\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&D^:6YC;W)P;W)A=&EO;CPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CX-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QI/B4\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M:3YC87!I=&%L/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-3`L-CDT+#,X.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3Y04D
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P,`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M9'1H/3-$

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M.#`N,@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#$S+#$W-RPT-#$-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^0F5I:FEN9R!,;W)A:6X@0V\N+!
=&0N/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^4%)#/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`Q+#8R.2PP-C(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^3'5O=&EA;B!,;W)A:6X@0V\N+!
=&0N
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^4%)#/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`T+#$R-BPR,C`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/]T

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/E!20SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
3`P
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
BPU
#(L
C0P#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3Y04D
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#$P,`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#$V,BPY,#8-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^071H96YA/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^1G)A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`U
0T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y#

M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^
M1G)A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`U,0T*(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^4V]J869R86ES/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
4^1G)A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`U
0T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^1G)A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`U
0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M86QI9VX]

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#4Q#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@-2PW.#(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^0V%C;W9I;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M/3-$

M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`U,0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#,Q.PP

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1T;W`^

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG



Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM

M:6%L('-T871E;65N='


M=&%T97



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%N9!D
M:7-C;&]S=7)E(&]F(&-O;G1I;F=E;G0@87-S971S(&%N9!L:6%B:6QI=&EE



@8V]U;&0@9&EF9F5R(&UA=&5R

N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D


T1T;W`^0V%S:!A;F0@8V%S:!E

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M9CLG('=I9'1H/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I


\+VD^


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V


N/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1T
M97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M:7IE.B`Q



T0Q
M
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^

MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N


@:70@:&]L9'
@







M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


M+!N970@;V8@=&AE(')E;&%T960@=&%X(&5F9F5C=P@;VX@879A:6QA8FQE

@87)E(&5X8VQU9&5D(&9R;VT@;F5T(&EN



M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='D@:7



















Q



M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C



N($%N(&5S=&EM871E(&9O


]
T1R93X-


]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M=&@]
T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T

M97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/DEN

@86YD(')A












4^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@


M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

@;V8@



M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B

@;F5W(')O







L(&%N


L('1H:7

M

F(S@R
C$[('5N=&EL('-U8V@@=&EM




M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M('=I9'1H/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

M#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B








M/@T*(`@(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(],T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y=6EL9&EN9W
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#4P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R,`T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@
M(`T,`T*(`@(`@(`@('EE87)S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y



M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-3`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^36]T
M;W(@=F5H:6-L97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,`T*(`@

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y/
M9F9I8V4@97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U
M,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-0T*(`@(`@(`@('EE87)S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
M










T1T;W`@=VED=&@]


M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y

L

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/D-O;G-T




]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@

T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*&LI/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J=7-T:69Y('-T



3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C





T1T;W`^06-C;W5N=&EN9R!F

'0^


M/3-$




4^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\:3XH;D\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

;VYG+4QI=F5D($%S

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

@0F]A

X
C(Q.RD@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
@
M0V]D:69I8V%T:6]N(@F(S@R,C`[05-#)B,X,C(Q.RD@4W5B=&]P:6,@,S8P
M+3$P+3,U+`F(S@R







M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C




]
'0^


M/3-$




4^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0U)3X-B`@

T0G9F]N

M:7IE.B`Q


M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C




M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]


Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P


]







M/3-$-24^)B

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF


T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5T:7)E;65N=!B

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M('=I9'1H/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@


M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V


M;64@87




M;&4]

T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/&D^*'$I/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]



3!P
M=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^26YC;VUE('1A

M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



2!A8V-O=6YT


N(%5N9&5R('1H92!A





Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@
M86QI9VX]



3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ


M.#(R








M;FEZ960@9F]R(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97

M;&QO=V%N8V4@:7





M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

#@L(%!20R!G;W9E


@9&5F:6YE

MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@





@1552
C4P

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QP(&%L:6=N/3-$:G5S=&EF
2!I<R!S=6)J96-T('1O(%5N:71E9!3=&%T97
@5&%X(&%C8V]R




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R(&-O;'-P86X]

M(`@(`F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CY487AA8FQE($EN8V]M

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@





T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@]

38P.SPO=&0^

T1C


38P.SPO=&0^

T1C

3@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^3V8@06UO=6YT($]V97(\+W4^#0H@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-24-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@

`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S-4-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-R4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@-S4L

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-R4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@
3`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M
24^)B


`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S.24-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@,3`P+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,#`L
M,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#,T)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S
S4L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
3`L
#`P+#`P
`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

S-2PP
M
#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,S4E#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M
#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-2PP
#`L
#`P
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S.4-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,34L,#`P+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`\

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-2PP,#`L
M,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#,U)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q.PS,S,L
M,S,S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T



]

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

T0Q
#`E/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*'(I/]I/@T*


38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*(`@

M=W



M97)A=&EO;G

2PT-S0L


M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
#$S+B!0
M4D




T1T
'0@
M0FQO8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-B`@(`@





T0U
M)3XF(S$V

N(%1H92!F=6YC=&EO;F%L

@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@87)E('1H92!296YM:6YB:2`H









T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O
M,C`Q-#PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M

M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q
M+S(P
3
\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3
X-0T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

3$P-`T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y!

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-BXQ-#,R
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-BXQ.3`U#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`P+C@X,C8-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

24^)B
Q

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#`N-S4S,@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

M


@870@=&AE(')A=&5S('5S960@:6X@


T1T;W`^4F5V96YU92!R96-O9VYI=&EO;B!;4&]L:6-Y(%1E

M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$




M(`@(#QI/BAT*3PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/@T*





T0U)3XF(S$V
M

@9FEX960@;W(@9&5T97)M:6YA

&ES=!A;F0@
M8V]L;&5C=&%B:6QI='D@:7






M87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M9'1H/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S+'-E


M+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C


M:7






M('1H92!P97)I;V0@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


@9W)A;G1E9X@1F]R
M('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$P+`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@.#$L

-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G




M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@





M

C`[4T%(#DX)B,X,C(Q.RDN(%-&05,@3F\N(#$R.!R97%U:7)E


@15!3(&ES




M=&DM9&EL=71I=F4@969F96-T(AI+F4N+!T:&]S92!T:&%T(&EN8W)E87-E







M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M:3XH=BD\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@



M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]




3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY
M)B
X
C$W.W





M(S@R




X



@9FEN86YC:6%L

M=')U;65N='

M964@;&5V96QS(&]F('9A;'5A=&EO;B!H:65R87)C:'D@87)E(&1E9FEN960@
M87







Q



M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B

@

M.FEN:&5R:70[)SY







M;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(%M0;VQI8WD@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R

M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^*'@I/]I/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1J

M=&EM97

3!P=#MM87)G:6XZ:6YH97)I=#LG


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


M;7!O;F5N='


@;W1H
M97(@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@


M(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V

C`[
M4F5P;W)T:6YG($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE)B
X












M)B

F4Z(#$P<'0[;6%R9VEN.FEN:&5R:70[)SX-B`@(`@(`@

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


&-E<W



@5&]P:6
@
M



]



M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7-I



M
4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P

T0G



M(`@(`\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\


M52!.;RX@
C`Q-TP.P@)B
X
C(P.U!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!&:6YA;F-I


V



@

C`L(%!R97-E;G1A

CM$:7-C;VYT:6YU






X
C$W.W




N(%1H92!A


M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

M;B!*=6YE(#(P

30M
3(L













M9X\+W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C





M=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97
@9&\@;F]T(&-O;G1A:6X@97AP;&EC:70@9W5I






@


T0U
M)3XF(S$V




MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W9F%?
M-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B







T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H






!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L


L


MB`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,30\+W4^#0H@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q,SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`U-PU
3$L
S4P#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V

\+W4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/&D^.CPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@06QL

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

Y+#@W-0T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(#4X+#@P-BPT
M-C8-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(#QU
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#4T+#`W
2PT-S4-B`@(`@(`@/]U/@T*(`@(`@

T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@5')A9&4@06-C;W5N
M='

M


3`P)3X-B`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N

M(')G8B@R


M


M
C

M



S@L

M='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H,C,X+`R
S@L(#(S.D[
M)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3
\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


C
X+`R,S@L
M(#(S.D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^0F5G:6YN:6YG
M(&)A;&%N8V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M*#0S.2PX-S4-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@*#0T
RPX.3@-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1D('-T

S@L(#(S.P@,C,X*3LG
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\


C

MB`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
X
M+`R,S@L(#(S.D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!R9V(H,C,X+`R

C
X*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0G

C

S@I

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


M(`@(`H-2PT-SDL-S4P#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9VX]


C




M8B@R
S@L(#(S.P@,C,X*3LG('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B!R9V(H,C,X+`R
S@L(#(S.D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

S@L(#(S.D[)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#0L,#(S#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H,C,X+`R
S@L

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

P@,D[)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@

P@,D[
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XI/]T9#X-B`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`\

S
N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$


]


M9VX]

@6U1A8FQE

M=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


3`P)3X-

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$T/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q,SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O


M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
BPV
C
L
#8W#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-C
W+#@P.`T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D%M

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
38R+#DP
M-PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

RPV-38-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

PV,S0-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^3W1H

24^)B
Q

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$L-#(P+#4T.`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$T.2PS-3`-B`@(`@(`@


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y3:&]R

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-PT
3
L-SDU#0H@

B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^5F5N9&]R(')E8F%T92!R96-E:79A8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

24^)B
Q-C`[

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
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M,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


3@S+#0X-0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

#(P#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C
M-V9A7S0R
F9?8C

T



M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M14Y43U))15



]



M





M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q

B\S
2\R
#$T/]U/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M

M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
M,B\S,2\R,#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(X+#4U-RPV

M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(V+#(V
M
BPR-S@-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M

T1R:6=H

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P-3)E




]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P


M17%U:7!M96YT(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1L969T

M(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,30\+W4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^070@0V]S=#H\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P
M.R`F(S$V
#M=6EL9&EN9W,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M/3-$


M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@.#$L
S(U+#0R-@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R
S(L.30V
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P
M.R`F(S$V
#M

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
M
PY,C,L-S8X#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#$P+#DW-PP
#
-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B


M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L@)B,Q
M-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(Q+#@U
M
RPS
S0-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
3(L.#
W+#0V
PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P
M.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[(8C

M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`Q+#`Y-2PU.3`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@-C@Q+#`V
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

38P.R`F(S$V
M
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.TUO=&]R('9E:&EC;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M
B4^)B


M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$R,BPU,3$L,3DT#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,#8L-#`P+#`X
M,`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M:6%T:6]N#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^)B

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B

M

38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q
M-C`[(8C,38P.TQA;F1S8V%P:6YG+!P;&%N=!A;F0@=')E93PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(@T
#(L
34S
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`H,RPP.#$L,S8Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q-C`[
M(8C


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@*#$S+#$X
M
2PU
3D-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.R`F(S$V,#L@)B,Q
M-C`[3V9F:6-E(&5Q=6EP;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(@Q+#(U
BPX-#8-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(@U
C0L.3
Q#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P.TUO=&]R('9E:&EC
M;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`H-#(W+#$Y-PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`H
S0P+#8W-0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XI/]T

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

RPS-C(L-C8T#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

S`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P-3)E8C`Q.64W9F0O5V]R



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

12!!4U-%5%

]


T1T;W`^4V-H961U


M



T1L

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]




M(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3,\+W4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@/&D^870@8V]S=#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@571I;&ET:65S

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4P+#DP.0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#0U
2PX-C
-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-3DL-#DV#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!0871E;G0L#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3YA
M=!C;W-T/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PU.#$L.#DQ#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
2PU-#
-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q.2PV
#0L.#`T#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

BPX.3
-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@


M(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3XZ/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@06-C

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`H
BPP-C8L.3
V#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/BD\+W1D

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

P-2PS
M-3`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


P
#`P
#`@

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
38L-#`W+#4T
PT*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


M
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P

O4VAE970S-RYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P



M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@


38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*




M:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3YD=64@=VET:&EN/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QE
M;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#


3
E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#,X,PQ
#8-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QI/D-R961I=!!9W)I8V]L92P\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^26YT

M($554DE3U(K,2XW,4-B`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^
M9'5E('=I=&AI;CPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\96T^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]E;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3YM;VYT:',\+VD^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3
E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#(Q-PQ-#8-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!%55))0D]2*S$N-S`E#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI/F1U92!W:71H:6X\+VD^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/&5M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@,PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO96T^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^;6]N=&AS/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QI/E-O8VDF(S(S
SMT)B
R
S

SMN)B
R
S


M(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@($554DE3U(K
2XW
4-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^9'5E('=I=&AI;CPO:3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\96T^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]E;3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\:3YM;VYT:'
\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

C$-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@

M55))0D]2*S$N-S`E#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI/F1U
M92!W:71H:6X\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&5M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
PT*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO96T^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^;6]N=&AS/]I/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`U
M-#@L-3

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!%55))0D]2*S$N-S`E#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QI/F1U92!W:71H:6X\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&5M/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@
PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO96T^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^
M;6]N=&AS/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#$U
2PY-S4-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
R4^)B

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@(`S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]E;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3YM;VYT
M:',\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

3
E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#(R+#DV,PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

2XW
4-B`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^
M9'5E('=I=&AI;CPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\96T^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]E;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3YM;VYT:'
\+VD^#0H@

#0S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI/D)%4RPL/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QI/DEN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@;V8\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(!%55))0D]2*S$N-S`E#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QI/F1U92!W:71H:6X\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&5M/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@
PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO96T^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^;6]N=&AS
M/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`R-C
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^)B
Q

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&D^0F%N8V\@4&]R='5G=65S(&1E($YE9V]C:6]S/]I
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#@V-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3
E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M86YT;SPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@,RPY-3$-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@







M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M;FL@3&]A;G


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1C96YT

M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3
\
M+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]


M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`V+C

C$O
C`Q
M-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M)B,Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`T+#`Y,2PS.#8-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R
M

M=64@
2\X+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$L,30U+#4X.`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M/B8C


30-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-C0E/@T*(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@
M(`@(`U+C@X)2!P97(@86YN=6T[(&1U92`T+S(S+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


M=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`W+C(X)2!P97(@86YN=6T[(&1U
M92`S+S0O
C`Q-0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#0V-BPQ-38-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M/3-$
3(E/B8C

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]


M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@-PP-S(L-C4V#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
S@W+#8U
@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/]T

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M8CXF(S@R

M;G5M.R!D=64@-\R-\R
#$U#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@


M;FYU;3L@9'5E(#8O-2\R
#$U#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

#$P+#`Q.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\8CXF(S@R
C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X-B`@

M(&%N;G5M.R!D=64@
3`O
30O
C`Q-0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R



M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/@T*(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-
MB`@(`@(`@(`W+C(P)2!P97(@86YN=6T[(&1U92`Q,2\R+S(P,34-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M
2PV
CDL

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2PV
CDL
#8R#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

M/B8C

38P

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS


M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@

#$T#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\8CXF(S@R


M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

24^)B


T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V-4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R




3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`R+#0U-PX,S$-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R
C8[

M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#8R.2PP-C(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V
M.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@.#$T+#4S
0T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-C0E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B



M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


M;FYU;2!D=64@.\Q-\R
#$U#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M
30-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

3(E/@T*(`@(`@

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/@T*(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T

M
30-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3(E/@T*(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C


M('=I9'1H/3-$


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X-

T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2PV
CDL
#8R
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\

T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\
M+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/@T*(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R

2\S
M+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R
C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*



M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V
M.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`X
30L-3
Q#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
M-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8F=C;VQO

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R

M871E(&%T#0H@(`@(`@(`@-RXR)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#8O,3DO,C`Q
M-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@,2PS,#DL,C0S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3XF
M(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@


M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C
M.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M(&1U92`Q+S(Q+S(P
34-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,38R+#DP-@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M9'1H/3-$-C0E/B8C

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M($-O+BP@3'1D+BP\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V

M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-C0E/@T*(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@
M(`V+C`P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#DO
C
O
C`Q-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2PV
S8L-34T#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS

M;CTS1#(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI/D)A;FL@;V8@
M3FEN9V)O(P\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-C0E/@T*(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`W
M+C(P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#DO
C4O
C`Q-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2PV
S8L-34T#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

3`O
C8O
M
C`Q-0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`Q+#8R.2PP-C(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C



T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

3(E/B8C
38P

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


M($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`V+C8P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@
M9'5E(#DO
3(O
C`Q-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,2PV,S8L-34T#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

M#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^
M)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V-4^#0H@(`@(`@

M;2!D=64@.\R-\R

@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T



M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M/B8C

38P

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS


M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@


30-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$L-C,V
M+#4U-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y0
M:6YG($%N($)A;FLL($II;F%N($)R86YC:#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M:#TS1#4E/B8C

M/B8C

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@

2\S+S(P
30-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


38P.SPO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO



M9'1H/3-$

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2PV
CDL
#8R#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/@T*(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T

2\S+S(P
M
30-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R

M871E(&%T#0H@(`@(`@(`@-BXP)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$O-R\R,#$U
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

3(E/@T*(`@(`@

M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@


M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]


M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`X
30L-3
Q#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R
C8[/]B/@T*(`@

M(&%T#0H@(`@(`@(`@-RXR)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#8O,3DO,C`Q-`T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M,2PS,#DL,C0S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3XF(S$V
M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

M(#QI/DQU;W1I86X@4V%N;&EQ:6%O($-R961I=!5;FEO;BP\+VD^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R
M-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M92`Q+S(Q+S(P
34-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,38R+#DP-@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/3-$-C0E/B8C

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M+BP@3'1D+BP\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-C0E/@T*(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`V
M+C`P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#DO
C
O
C`Q-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2PV
S8L-34T#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

M1#(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI/D)A;FL@;V8@3FEN
M9V)O(P\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F(&-O
M;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`W+C(P
M)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#DO
C4O
C`Q-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
2PV
S8L-34T#0H@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

3`O
C8O
C`Q
M-0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`Q+#8R.2PP-C(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

3(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


M=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`V+C8P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E
M(#DO
3(O
C`Q-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^

M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,X
M,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M=64@.\R-\R
#$U#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-



M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

C(O
C`Q-`T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,2PV
M,S8L-34T#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


M86X@0G)A;F-H/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG


O
C`Q
M-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@,2PQ-#4L-3@X#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]

M
30-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3(E/@T*(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M/B8C

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/@T*(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A
M=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,XT

T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

PY-C8-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/&D^0F%N:R!O9B!2:7IH86\L/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@
2PV
CDL
#8R#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V-4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M:3Y#:&EN82!#;VYS=')U8W1I;VX@0F%N:RP\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N

M(&1U92`T+S$O
C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`X,#$L.3$R#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`U
C
L-CDW#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#@Q-PU
S$-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3(E/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#4R,2PS,#`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`X
30L-3
Q#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V-4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M.2\R

M
24^)B


@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B




M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M9B!#:&EN82P@4&%R:7


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

BXU

M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`S+#8R
BPV-C8-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^
M)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R+#DU-PP-#@-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3XF
M(S$V

T0C939E9F9F('-T

P
#`P
#`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#,W+#8S.2PU
M,#8-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@



]


M#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QI/D).4!087)I8F%S+#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C


M:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


R\Q
M-\R,#$U#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`R
2PR.#0-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@)B
Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C
M.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`S+C`P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@

34O
C`Q-0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q-BPS-34-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
M
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0V

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W
RPP.#(-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


L/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS



M/3-$-C`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@
M(`R+CDX)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$R+S(P+S(P,34-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@


B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-C`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@
M(`T+C(P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$R+S(P+S(P,38-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M
3`X+#@V-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@




M(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8F=C;VQO



M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]

M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF
M(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

B\R

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P.PX-C0-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@

B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0V


M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#0R+#DT-PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M:#TS1#4E/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B

($)A;G%U

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


MB`@(`@(`@(`T+C(P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$R+S(P+S(P
38-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M,3`X+#@V-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

B!V86QI
M9VX]

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

3(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V

M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T
M(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`S+C(X)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$P+S
P
M+S(P

C0-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO
M8CX-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^



M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

N

3(O
C`O
C`Q-@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@
M(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y3;V-I)B
R
S
[=8C
M,C,S.R!')B,R,S,[;B8C,C,S.W)A;&4L/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


M(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`R+CDP)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#4O
34O
M
C`Q-@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`R-2PP-S@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P(#%P

3(E/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

C@X+#8Q-PT*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#PO=&%B;&4^/'-P86X^


M-V9A7S0R
F9?8C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]


]


M9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$T/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^3F]T

M(`@(`@(`\:3Y$979E;&]P;65N=!86YK/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0R)3XF(S$V

T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

#$U#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$S+#`S
BPU
M
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/]T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


M=&EO;G

M



T1L

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
30\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@

M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(#QU/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3
\+W4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0V,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


M;G
@9G)O;2!#:&EN82!$979E;&]P;65N=!86YK/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB
M/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3X-B`@

#$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P
M.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M(`@(`@(`@.3@Q+#DS,PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M(`@/&(^)B,X,C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@



2\R


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M

M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R
C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`W+C`W)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#4O
C`O
C`Q-0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L,30P+#,T-`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(!)

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L
S`S+#(U

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R
M,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^#0H@(`@(`@

M(&%N;G5M(&1U92`S+S$U+S(P
30-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A

M+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V
M.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#8P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#4N-3$P)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#,O,34O,C`Q-0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\8CXF(S@R
C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V

M871E(&%T#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U+C4Q

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M



38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M1#$E/B8C


M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y4;W1A;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0V
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

P
#`P
#`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q.2PR
C8L
#DT#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P




M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P


T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@4$%904)
12!!3D0@
M0T].5D525$E3$4@4%)/34E34T]262!.3U1%(A486)L97


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
M,B\S,2\R,#$T/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!C;VQS

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y.;W1E

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E


34-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`F(S$V,#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\


M

M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]


T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C




M:71H:6X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

3(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#0S-PT-S8-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B

M

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^#0H@(`@(`@

M
2XW)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E('=I=&AI;@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
PT*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@;6]N=&AS#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-S`U+#`X

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO
M8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@



M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0V,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^3F]T97

M960@8GD@4V]C:28C
C
S.W0F(S(S
SL@1R8C
C
S.VXF(S(S
SMR86QE+#PO
M:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R
C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V

M(`@;6]N=&AS#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B

M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0V,4^)B

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@-BPP,#4L-#,P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D


M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(8C,38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\


M8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$



M;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=VED=&@],T0V,4^)B

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M


M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R
M,#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0V,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O

CX-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/DYO

T0R)3XF(S$V

T0Q
B4^)B



M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#,L-3`P+#`P,`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`F(S$V
M
#L-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M=VED=&@]
T0V
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#
L-3`P+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R,F9?8C,S
M85\P-3)E8C`Q.64W9F0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M93AE9F%D-SA?8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P

M='
O4VAE970T




CX\




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
M,B\S,2\R,#$T/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y686QU92!A9&1E

M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4Y
BPS-#$-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*


M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y#

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R+#4W
M
BPV-C
-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

Q-C`[

M:71H:&]L9&EN9SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#0T

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-BPS-#0-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4U+#@W
@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`W,RPW-C@-B`@

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A


M:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]


M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`Q-3@L
3DT#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#$U.PY,C$-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y
86YD('5S92!T

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#4S+#0P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@.34R+#(W.`T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@

M


M;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

P
#`P
#`@

M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

]






3!P=#L@8F]R9&5R

T1B;W1T;VT^)B

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M

M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q
M-#PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+VD^#0H@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`R-2PV,S$-B`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(#

B4^
M)B

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[

M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

U.2PT-S(-B`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(#DR-RPY.#8-B`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@-C4S+#DS-0T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@,30T
M+#`V,0T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\+W1R

M:&5R(&%C8W)U86QS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C



24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#4P-2PU.#0-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#$P.PU,C@-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#
W-BPS-S@-B`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

C@U+#
P
`T*(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(#QT

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@/'1D



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#(L
S$U+#@Q-0T*(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#QT9!A


M9F%D-SA?8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
M
F5B




3TY'+51%4DT@1$55`H5&%B

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@

]






M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

T1B;W1T;VT^)B

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0V
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M



M(`@(#QU/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3,\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+VD^#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO



M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C
M.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4N-3$P)2!P
M97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#
O
34O
C`Q-@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#@W-2PP
M,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4L-C(U
M+#`P
`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$
24^)B

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B


M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

#$U#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

B4^)B
Q-C`[

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M/3-$
B!V86QI9VX]

M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@


#$V
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

M-24^)B

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@8F=C

T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@


L/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B8C.#(R
M-CL\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#8P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@870-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#0N

3(O
C`O
C`Q-@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#$P-PS.30-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C

M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B


M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/D-R961I=!!9W)I8V]L92P\+VD^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E


B\R
\R,#$V#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@
3`T+#
Y-`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\
M8CXF(S@R
C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+C@U)2!P97(@86YN=6T@9'5E(#$O
C4O
C`Q-PT*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(#,X+#@X-PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M8V4L/]I/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

24^)B
Q-C`[

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P-PS.30-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@8F=C

T1L969T(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/E-O
M8VDF(S(S
SMT)B
R
S

SMN)B
R
S

T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

X

M
38-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,PV-C4-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*(`@(`@


M86YN=6T@9'5E(#`V+S(P
C0-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S

#8T
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/3-$
24^)B

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


M86YN=6T@9'5E(#`V+S(P

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L-S`W+#4X
M-PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`X+#`W.2PX
S$-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B



M;G0@4&]R=&EO;G
@;V8@3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C

M

M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M


#L\+W1D

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1C96YT97(@

M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`\:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@/'4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q,SPO=3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C

M
B!V86QI9VX]

M;&4@:7-S=65D(&)Y(%-H86YG:&%I(%!U9&]N9SPO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#QI/D1E=F5L;W!M96YT($)A;FL\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^)B
X
C(V.SPO
M8CX-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@

M9'5E(#$R+S(X+S(P
34-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$S+#`Y
BPT
S(-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V

M8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`@($1E8F5N

T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\8CXF(S@R,C8[/]B/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V,4^

38-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-BPR.3`L
M-C(U#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
M
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG



M(%-E8W5R:71I97
@0V\N($QT9X\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS


#`P
#`P

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
38L
CDP+#8R-`T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$V+#
V-2PU-#$-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T1R

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

F9?8C
S85\P







T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H



]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
M
T0Q(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0G




MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


C`P

#`-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(U+#$W
BPV-#`-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


@
M9'5R:6YG(#(P
#D-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3Y687)I;W5S(&1A=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R
4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U-BPS.3,-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@




C`E/C$P+S(X
M+S(P
#D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4L
#$Q+#$V


3`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3XR+S$P+S(P
3`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L
#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3XY
M+S$P+S(P,3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#,L-#0P
M+#@P,`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]

M964\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3XY
M+S(S+S(P
3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#4L
#`P


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
C`E/CDO
C0O
C`Q


T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



C`E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@
C4L


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R,4^
M-R\R
\R,#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R-RPP
M.3(-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@


M(`@(`@('-T;V-K(&EN8V5N=&EV92!P;&%N#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

2\R
2\R
#$Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R,4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S-BPP-S
-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M;V-K(&EN8V5N=&EV92!P;&%N#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q
\U+S(P,3(-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(P)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$P.PX-#`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M
#$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(P)3XX+S(R+S(P
30\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#
P
PP,#`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!A=`Q
M
B\S
2\R

]
T1T
M97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0Q(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R




@:7-S

M(`@(`@(#(P

MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

RPY
#D-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3XQ
\R.\R
#`Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M


M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R,4^
M)B

M8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B
#$Y









M
S$L(#(P

M/E-C:&5D=6QE(&]F(%-A;&5S(&)Y($-A=&5G;W)I97


T0P(&-E

!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F



M:#TS1#$P

38P.SPO=&0^




3(O
S$O

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


3(O
M
S$O
C`Q
SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$Q-PW
#DL
M
#`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y#:&5S=&YU=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q,C,L,#,W+#@Y-0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/D-O;G9E;FEE;F-E(&9O;V0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`U.PX-S0L-C`Y
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#8R
M+#(Q,RPT,S(-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
S4L-C0Q+#$U-@T*

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#
X+#
U-RPS-#@-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A


M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C


M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y4;W1A
M;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


C$W+#4U
RPV-C`-

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(`@(`@(`@(`U#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO

M(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B

B\S
2\R
M

M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QI/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`\=3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]I/@T*(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`R,#8L,C0Q#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$
B4^)B


M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y96QG:75M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#0L,CDV
M+#4U,PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D-A;F%D83PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#$U.PW.#4L


T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`Q
S@L.#
T+#`Q-@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

M1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^1G)A;F-E/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y'97)M86YY
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@.3DS+#@Y.0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#(S
BPV-#@-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B


M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

24^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`S
CDL
38S#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`X.PX-#4-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B

M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-38V+#8U


M(`@,2PP-3DL-C`Y#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y*87!A;CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#(R+#$S
2PX

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

3(E
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@



M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L-C8S+#`W-PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-2PW-C`-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@.#`X+#4P-0T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@



M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\


M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#@Q
2PS.3$-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-C$T+#(W-@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/E!O;&%N9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@-2PY
S`L-C4U#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#
L-34W+#(S
@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/E)E=6YI;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`V-BPQ.#$-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG


M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
BPS-3DL-C4V#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L-#$S+#$S-PT*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@



M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#DL,S,U+#@Q,0T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
S$X+#8V
0T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M86QI9VX]

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^5&AA:6QA;F0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Y-#@L
38U#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#8P-PR-C@-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/]T

M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y5;FET960@2VEN9V1O;3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#(L

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q+#(V
M.2PY.#8-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`X,S4L,C,Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$L,S8Q+#8X,`T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/E9I971N86T\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$T+#8R
PT*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/&(^3W1H97)S/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#$W+#
R
M.`T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M9&]U8FQE)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@/]B/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/B0\+V(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]




M8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P

O4VAE970T


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]

]




]
M
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M
T0Q


M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V



T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO=W)A

M(`@(`@/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$S/]U/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#PO:3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^)B

M('=I9'1H/3-$

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M(`@(`@*#DP
2PY
C
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`H
C@U+#`V
M
@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V


M1#$E/B8C

T#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

M/3-$
3(E/B8C

M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]

M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`S+#`X.2PW
3(-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`U
M+#4W
RPW-38-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^26YC;VUE('1A

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

RPP
M.#DL-S$R#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`U+#4W
RPW-38-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V






!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8V]L


L

4^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

3(O
S$O
M

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D5F9F5C=!O9B!T87@@97AE;7!T:6]N
M(&=R86YT960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@)B,Q
M-C`[#0H@(`@(`@(`@+0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@

M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^5V5I9VAT960M079E





M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q


M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C


T0C939E

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(8C
M
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M;W(]

P
#`P
#`@
M

3(E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(8C
38P.PT*(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@9&EF9F5R96YC92!B971W
M965N('1H92!5+E





T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

3(O
S$O
C`Q
M
SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\+V5M/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3Y

L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M
3`E#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

T0C

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M,38N,C(E#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

24^)B
Q-C`[

M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`M
M
2XP-4-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/E1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#0Q+C(R)0T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R
RXY-B4-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


M



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E/B8C




M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

M9VX]


M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/&D^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`\=3XR,#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO:3X-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\
M='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`R-24-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`R-24-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^3'5O=&EA;B!,;W)A:6X\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R-24-B`@(`@(`@/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^0F5I:FEN9R!,;W)A:6X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R-24-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`R-24-B`@

T1T;W`^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^)B
Q-C`[

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@,C4E#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@
C4E#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/D1O


M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M(`@(`@(#(U)0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R,F9?8C,S
M85\P-3)E8C`Q.64W9F0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M93AE9F%D-SA?8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P

M='
O4VAE970T-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

]



T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@16%R
M;FEN9W

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@

M:61T:#TS1#(W)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO8CX-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M

M
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#QB/@T*(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

#$S/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@/]B
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

T1T;W`^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@
38L-C
S+#@Y-0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@

38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.TEN

M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\

M:60G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-BPV
S
L.#DU
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B


M9'1H/3-$-24^)B


M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

T1T
M;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[(8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B
Q-C`[(8C,38P
M.TEN8V]M92!!=F%I;&%B;&4@=&\@0V]M;6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.R`F(S$V
#L@)B

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P


M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M(`@(`@(`@,38L-C,S+#@Y-0T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@



M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`Q-BPV,S,L.#DU#0H@(`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(`@
S0L


M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S-PV,38L-S$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`\:3Y!9&1I=&EO;G
@9G)O;2!!8W1U86P@179E;G1S/]I
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XM27-S


M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S,#`L,#`P#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@

M86QI9VX]

M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`S-PX
#@L
C(Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

3(E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@

M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@


M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

T1T;W`^

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

\+VD^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

3(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`M#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(T-B`@(`@(`@


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P


M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]


T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
C$-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M
38L-S$T#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^
M)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B


MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(#`N
3$-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(#`N-#@-B`@(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A


M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XM1&EL=71E9#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`P+C$Q
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`P+C0X#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^)B

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3Y796EG:'1E9!!

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XM0F%S:6
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@(`S-PX
#@L
C(Q#0H@(`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#
T+#8Q-BPW
30-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XM1&EL=71E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`@(#
T+#@P.PR,C$-B`@
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

F9?8C
S




CX\

T0R/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#QU/D9R;VT\+W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=3Y
96%S

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/C$O
2\R
#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0S.24^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M/3-$
3

M/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^,2\Q+S(P,38\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
Y)3XQ
B\S
2\R
M
#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,R4^#0H@(`@
M(`@(`@.3(L-C@U#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XQ+S$O

SDE/C$R
M+S
Q+S(P

T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`Y
BPV.#4-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/C$O
M,2\R,#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S.24^.\Y+S(P,3@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#4V+#8T,0T*(`@(`@(`\

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S.24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M/3-$

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#QU/E1O
M/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T



M(`@(`\=3Y

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XQ+S$O,C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@.3(L
M-C@U#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^
2\Q+S(P
34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$U/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M.3(L-C@U#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^,2\Q+S(P,38\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#0P)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,B4^
M#0H@(`@(`@(`@.3(L-C@U#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@
M(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0P
M)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@.3(L-C@U#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
2\Q+S(P

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q,B4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-38L-C0Q#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO
M='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0T
4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&0@86QI9VX]

MB`@(`@(`@(`T

S@Q#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
M/'4^1G)O;3PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'4^1W)E96YH;W5S92`Q/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`\

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



38P.SPO

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=3Y4;SPO=3X-

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@/'4^1W)E


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&YO


M=&0@86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=3Y4;SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q
M+S(P,34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

2\Q+S(P
34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]


M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
M
C@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q
M+S(P,38\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$V/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E


M/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`W.PQ,C@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O,2\R,#$W
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P


M.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@.34L
3$T#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$W/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$Q+#
S.0T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O
C`Q.#PO=&0^

3(O
S$O
C`Q.#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ,C@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
M,2\R,#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
3@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3$T#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$Q+#
S.0T*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O
C`Q

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

3(O
S$O
C`Q.3PO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
C@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q
M+S(P,3D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@

M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R,#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ
C@-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
#(P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P
M,C`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`R,#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#(P/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*


M.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W
M.PQ,C@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O,2\R,#(Q/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

3$T#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X
M)3XQ+S$O,C`R,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(Q/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$Q+#
S.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O
C`R
CPO=&0^#0H@

3(O
S$O
C`R
CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`W.PQ,C@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O,2\R
M,#(R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M.34L
3$T#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`R
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
M
B\S
2\R
#(R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$Q+#
S.0T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O
C`R
SPO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

3(O
S$O
C`R

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`X-2PW-S,-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O,2\R,#(S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
M
C


M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
3`R+#4R-PT*(`@
M(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

2\Q+S(P
C
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`Q

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V

M8F]T=&]M/B\Q+S(P
C0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^)B

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@.#DL
C@Y#0H@
M(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`R-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(T
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P-2PV.#
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/C$O
2\R
#(T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,C0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

M(`@(`@(`@,3(L-S4W#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XO
2\R
#(U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X
M)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#(U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#@Y
M+#(X.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,C4\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3(O
S$O

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3XQ+S$O

B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#(U/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O,C`R-CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R-CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`X.2PR.#D-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O,2\R
M,#(V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C8\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

M
3`U+#8X
PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

2\Q+S(P
C8\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]



M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P

M9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@.#DL
C@Y#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`R-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
M
#(W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P-2PV.#
-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
#(W/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

24^)B
Q

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@,3(L-S4W#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XO,2\R,#(X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#@Y+#(X.0T*
M(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

2\Q+S(P
C@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,#4L-C@S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`R.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#(X/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*


M.4^,3(O,S$O,C`R.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`X
M.2PR.#D-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
#(Y/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,CD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$
24^)B


M#0H@(`@(`@(`@,3`U+#8X,PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M.4^,2\Q+S(P,CD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

24^)B

3(O
S$O
C`R.3PO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B\Q+S(P,S`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,S`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O
M,C`S,#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#,P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#$P-2PV.#,-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O,2\R,#,P/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/C$R+S
Q+S(P
S`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
3(L-S4W#0H@(`@
M(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@
M(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XO,2\R,#,Q
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#
Q/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#@Y+#(X.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

2\Q+S(P
S$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
#4L-C@S#0H@

B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`S,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#
Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M

M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A

M
T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O
C`S

3(O
S$O
C`S
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`X.2PR.#D-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
#
R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P
M,S(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,S(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

3(O
S$O
C`S
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`Q

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/C0O,C4O,C`S,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

24^)B


M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,S,\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

#
S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XV+S$Y+S(P
S
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

#@-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@

M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
C(S+#$U
@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@
M(`@(`@(`@/'4^1G)O;3PO=3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=3Y4;SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

T1C96YT

M/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V

M
T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@/'4^1W)E96YH;W5S92`R/]U/@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`\=3Y4;SPO=3X-B`@(`@(`@/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V

T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M

M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,30\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

24^)#PO=&0^

M.`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

24^)B

2\Q+S(P
30\+W1D/@T*

M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@.34L,3$T#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`Q

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-
MB`@(`@(`@(`Q,2PS,SD-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B\Q+S(P,34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO

M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ
M,B\S,2\R,#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#DU+#$Q-`T*(`@(`@
M(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

3(O
S$O
C`Q-3PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
2PS
SD-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,38\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C

24^
M)B



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
M

B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T

M9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,38\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

24^)B
Q

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
3(O
S$O
C`Q

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X
M)3XQ+S$O,C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@
M(`@(`@(#DU+#$Q-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

3(O
S$O
C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
2PS
SD-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3@\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ
M,B\S,2\R,#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,3@\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

3(O
S$O

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@
M(`@(`@(`Q,2PS,SD-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L


T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B\Q+S(P,3D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,3D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`Q.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S
M,2\R,#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#DU+#$Q-`T*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,3D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

3(O
S$O
C`Q.3PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
2PS
SD-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V

M86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,C`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

24^)B
Q

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@
M(`@-S@L,3(X#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`R
M

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#(P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#DU+#$Q-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

M/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,C`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C

24^)B
Q-C`[

3(O
S$O
C`R
#PO

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,2PS,SD-B`@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B\Q+S(P,C$\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,C$\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ
M+S$O,C`R,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#(Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#DU+#$Q-`T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,C$\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

3(O
S$O
C`R
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
2PS
SD-B`@
M(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,C(\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`R

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S
M,2\R,#(R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,C(\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

3(O
S$O
C`R

M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@
M(`@(`Q,2PS,SD-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B\Q+S(P,C,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,C,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`R,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R
M,#(S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/C$O,2\R,#(S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C
\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

3(L
#DW#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XO,2\R,#(T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@
M(#@Y+#(X.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C

24^)B
Q

M1-E-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
2\Q+S(P
C0\


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
#4L-C@S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X)3XQ+S$O,C`R-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(T/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O
C`R-3PO=&0^

3(O
S$O
C`R-3PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`X.2PR.#D-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT
M9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
M
2\R
#(U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,C4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P

M(`@,3`U+#8X,PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M:'0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,C4\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@

3(O
S$O
C`R-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q

M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,C8\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S
M,2\R,#(V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R
M/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P-2PV.#,-
MB`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O,2\R,#(V/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C8\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@

M(`@(`@

M9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XO
2\R
#(W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#(W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#@Y+#(X
M.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B


M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

3(O
S$O
M
C`R-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q
#4L-C@S#0H@(`@(`@(#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`R-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(W/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^+S$O

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

3(O
S$O

M
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@
M(`X.2PR.#D-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O,2\R,#(X
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
C@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG

M.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
3`U+#8X
PT*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$

2\Q+S(P
C@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C;VQO


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q

M969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

CD\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
CD\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@.#DL
C@Y#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
M+S$O
C`R.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#(Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@
M(`@(#$P-2PV.#
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
#(Y/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,CD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XO
2\R
M
#
P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$
M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#,P/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#@Y+#(X.0T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,S`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C

M
24^)B


3(O
M
S$O
C`S

B4^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V
M969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q,#4L-C@S
M#0H@(`@(`@(#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

M(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F
M9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ+S$O
C`S
#PO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0X)3XQ,B\S,2\R,#,P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B

M9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`S,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`X.2PR
M.#D-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O,2\R,#,Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q
M+S(P
S$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@
3`U+#8X
PT*(`@(`@(`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,24^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

2\Q+S(P
S$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^)B

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,3(O,S$O,C`S,3PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX]


T1T

M9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B\Q+S(P
S(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/C$R+S
Q+S(P
S(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C


M/3-$
B4^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XQ
B\S
2\R
#
R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#$P-2PV.#
-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
#
R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$R+S,Q+S(P,S(\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C939E
M9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XO,2\R,#,S/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3XT+S(U+S(P
S
\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`T
BPR-C$-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C$O
2\R
M
#
S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/C4O,3DO,C`S,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^)B

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#4P+#,R
M,@T*(`@(`@(`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@
M(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M)B

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^,2\Q+S(P,S,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\
M=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B8C
M

M
#
S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI
M9VX]

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9'1H/3-$.4^#0H@(`@(`@(`@-2PU
S`-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)3XF(S$V


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0X)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@8F=C

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]

M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X-B`@(`@(`@(`Q+#8S

M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C
38P

M-F5F9F8@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
M(`\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@86QI9VX]
T1L969T(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

P
#`P
M
#`@

24^)#PO


M;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
M

M(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C939E9F9F('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!A;&EG;CTS

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


M;&4G('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/@T*(`@(`@(`@(#(S
M-PT.3$-B`@(`@(`@/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V4V969F9B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3XF(S$V

M8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B
#$Y





]

($%#5$E6251)15

M=&EV92D@*$1E=&%I;'



]

@
3PO=&0^#0H@





]


@





]

@



]






]

@




]
T1N=6UP

]

#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT






2XP

]

@
3


C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R
M96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4X969A

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B

'0O:'1M;#L@


]


3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@





]



]
T1N


]


]



M97


T1T;W`^4W5M

]








#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
M
T1N=6UP/C0L
3(V+#(R

]
M

M=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$







]
T1N=6UP/C$P
#QS

]




@
38\+W1D


]



]



]
M

M=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



@


]
T1N=6UP/C4L-S@R/'-P


@
C(\




]
T1N=6UP/C@X



]



]
M

M=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(#(U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]


M

]


3@L
#(W/'-P


@
C@\


T1T;W`^4W5M;6%R



]








]

M;7`^





T1T;W`^4W5M



M:6=N:69I8V%N=!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(#,U/]T9#X-B`@(`@





]
T1N=6UP


M97
@


]


]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

S
N
S




]
M

RPP



]
T1N=6UP/C(U
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$U

]




@-#D\+W1D







]



]

M8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(#4R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]

M;7`^-S4L



M4&]L:6-I97


M



]

#`P/'-P86X^









]
T1N=6UP/C



]


#`L






]

M1&YU;7`^
3`P+#`P

]
T1P

M:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(#8S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M





M

#`L
M


M97


]

S4N
#`E/'-P86X^


@-C@\+W1D






T1T;W`^4W5M;6%R


#`L


@-S$\+W1D/@T*





]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#
S
RPS
S













]
T1N=6UP



BPT
M





]

3`N
#`E/'-P


@.#(\


T1T;W`^4W5M;6%R


]









]

M1&YU;7`^


]
T1N=6UP
M/C`N-S(V

]


M-S




R/'-P


@.3$\


T1T;W`^4W5M;6%R





SPO=&0^#0H@


M+R\O0SHO93AE9F%D-SA?8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D+U=O

O4VAE970U


T0G




M/3-$



M
S$L(#(P

]


M
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P

O4VAE970U
2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5')A
M9&4@06-C;W5N=',@4F5C96EV86)L92`Q,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C



30\




M9VX]
T1T;W`^5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L92`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@

T1T;W`^5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P-3)E



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO





#$T/&)R/D-.63QB

]



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]T:&5R(%)E8V5I=F%B;&5S(#


]


]

]


#`\


]
M
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`P


]

]


]
T1R;SX-

]
T1T97AT/CQS




]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P


]

]


#`\

M/D]T:&5R(%)E8V5I=F%B;&5S(#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




2PV



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97
@
3
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R,F9?
M8C,S85\P-3)E8C`Q.64W9F0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO93AE9F%D-SA?8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P

M:&5E='
O4VAE970U
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]



M/5].97AT4&%R=%]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P-3)E8C`Q.64W



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]




S$L
M(#(P

]



]

38\


T1T;W`^26YT

L($YE=`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


M8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P

O4VAE970U


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M3D]415
@4$%904)



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]




]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W9F%?
M-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5(0D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]


]





M9VX]
T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0@

C)F7V(S
V%?
M
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4X

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B

'0O:'1M



]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C0X.2PS








]

]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#DQ-BPW
M



T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@.3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



2PS


M87!I=&%L:7IA=&EO;B`Q




]

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M-#0P+#@P

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@,34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@






M

]

]
M

2PW









M


]


M
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P







M4D]
3$E.1R!)3E1%4D535%

I/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M86QI9VX]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P-3)E8C`Q.64W9F0O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



M;'

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

M;F-O;64@5&%X97
@



S
N


@
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



]


]



W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B






]

T1)1#!%6$A!


M

S$L(#(P


M+#4P

]

]



RXS



M($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B`U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M







M-38L





M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93AE9F%D-SA?8S=F85\T
C)F
M7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P

O4VAE970V
2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


96%S92!#;VUM:71M



]



96%S92!#


M
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P

O4VAE970V
BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


I(A54T0@)D\8G(^

]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
RPU
#`L




2PT
S


M(#


T1T;W`^



M
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P

O4VAE970V
RYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M1T5.0TE%4R!!3D0@3$E424=!5$E/3E

I

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]

]


#`L
#`P




]
T1R


]




@06YD($QI

]
M

]




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S8U
M+#8S


M93AE9F%D-SA?8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A
M7S`U
F5B



]

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\

M8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1R861E($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@4V-H961U
M;&4@3V8@5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='


3DL

]


]



M8FQE(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F(%1R861E($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@-3PO


T1T;W`^5')A
M9&4@06-C;W5N='




C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE
M-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W
M9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B






]



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

]

]
M

]


]




]
T1N=6UP

M=&]P/E1R861E($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5')A
M9&4@06-C;W5N='

C


M8V5I=F%B;&4@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L92!38VAE9'5L



M-V9A7S0R
F9?8C

M;G0]

^#0H@


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P






]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C(Y+#`V



]

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L
M97,@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@3W1H97(@4F5C96EV86)L97,@,3$\+W1D/@T*(`@

]



]

]




M;&5S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($]T:&5R(%)E8V5I=F%B;&5S(#$T/]T9#X-B`@






^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$570T%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#





M/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($EN=F5N=&]R:65S(#(\+W1D/@T*

]
T1R93X-


]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#`Y


]

]
M




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($EN=F5N=&]R:65S


M9F%D-SA?8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
M
F5B










]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



2PR





]

]
T1N=6UP/C(S





]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#DR




#





]
T1R;SX-


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$R+#@S-RPT-C





T1T;W`^


]





]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C$R
BPU
3$L














#(L


]


]
M
T1N=6T^*#
L
#@Q+#



M(#$Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
RPQ.#$L-3$Y

]


]

M;F0@17%U:7!M96YT(#(Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@Q+#(U


CPO

]
T1R


M;G0@




M;F0@17%U:7!M96YT(#(V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M












W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A
M7S`U
F5B






]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@

]





]


@



L($YE







]
T1R;SX-

@


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-3@Q+#@Y
M

]


M+#4T

]





M($]F($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S(#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




M(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S(#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#`V-BPY



P-2PS-3`I/'-P86X^






M9VEB;&4@07-S971S(#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B
#$Y93=F



]
T1R97!O



]
M


]
T1N=6UP
M/C

M=&]P/D)A;FL@3&]A;G




]




T1T;W`^
M0F%N:R!



]
M

M='
@

]
T1R

@
M

]
M

M='
@

]
T1R

@
M

]
T1R93X-

@
34\

]
T1R

@
M

]
T1R93X-

@
3@\

]

@
3D\+W1D



M;G

]



@

]
T1N=6UP/C

@4V-H

]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]


T1T;W`^0F%N:R!









]

#PO=&0^


T1T;W`^0F%N:R!





]








]


T1T;W`^0F%N:R!





@4V-H961U;&4@

]


@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@


]



]

F9?8C
S85\P



]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#



T1T
M;W`^0F%N:R!






M3&]A;G

]








@4V-H961U;&4@


]


M0F%N:R!

M+#$R.2PR


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;FL@3&]A;G


M
T1T;W`^0F%N:R!

]


M;FL@3&]A;G



M;FL@3&]A;G


T1T;W`^0F%N:R!

]


]

@
34\+W1D









]

@



T1T;W`^0F%N:R!

M:&]R=UT97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G,@,C`\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;FL@3&]A;G



M9VX]
T1T;W`^0F%N:R!

]
T1N=6UP/C@Y

M/3-$=&]P/D)A;FL@3&]A;G


T1T
M;W`^0F%N:R!

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#$P+#`Q

]

M;G
@

]
T1R


]

@


]




]

P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@





]

M86YK($QO86YS(#



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;FL@3&]A;G


;V%N

]
M

V


M;FL@3&]A;G


T1T;W`^0F%N:R!

]

@4V-H



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]



]



]


]
T1P

M97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G


T1T;W`^0F%N:R!

]
T1N

M/3-$=&]P/D)A;FL@3&]A;G


T1T
M;W`^0F%N:R!

]


]



]




@





CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@








M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;FL@3&]A;G


;V%N


;V%N


M;FL@3&]A;G

]
M



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

@4V-H





T1T;W`^0F%N:R!

]
T1N
M=6UP/C8N



M-C4T+#8R

]

M;FL@3&]A;G




T1T
M;W`^0F%N:R!

]


]



]

@-S$\



M3&]A;G







@4V-H961U








]



M;7`^

]

M3&]A;G


;V%N



T1T;W`^0F%N:R!

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C


]

@.#(\+W1D





SPO=&0^#0H@

T1T;W`^0F%N:R!

M92!/9B!3:&]R=UT97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G,@.#0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C



]







T1T;W`^0F%N:R!

]
T1N



M

]

M;G


T1T
M;W`^0F%N:R!

]
T1N=6UP/C8N.34E/'-P

2PV
CDL
#8R/'-P



]

@.30\+W1D/@T*





T1T;W`^0F%N:R!

M9B!3:&]R=UT97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G,@.38\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C


]





M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0F%N:R!

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L


]

M($)A;FL@3&]A;G
@
3`P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

]

M;FL@3&]A;G
@



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;FL@3&]A;G

M

]

M;G
@


]

@
M


M/D)A;FL@3&]A;G



]

@



]
T1N=6UP/C8N

]


]




@4V-H961U;&4@



]

@
3$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

3@L




]
T1N=6UP/C8N



]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0F%N:R!


M9VX]
T1T;W`^0F%N:R!


;V%N



T1T
M;W`^0F%N:R!


T1T;W`^
M0F%N:R!




M

]
T1R93X-

3PO=&0^



@




]

@
3(S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


@4V-H961U


]



T1T;W`^0F%N:R!



]




M1&YU;7`^
2PV
CDL


]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;FL@3&]A;G

M-BXV


]

M($QO86YS(#$S


T1T;W`^
M0F%N:R!


]

M(#$S

]
M





M

]
T1R;SX-




@




]

@
3
X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


@4V-H961U




@4V-H961U;&4@


]
M

@
30Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4VAO






M1&YU;7`^

]

M;FL@3&]A;G
@

M
3@L


]
T1N=6UP/C$P

]

M3&]A;G
@


]
T1N=6UP/C0Y

]
M



M3&]A;G

2PV
CDL
#8R/'-P86X^

]



@




]

@
34R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]


@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4VAO


]
M

@
34U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

]
T1P

M97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G
@
34V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

30L-3


]
T1N

M/3-$=&]P/D)A;FL@3&]A;G

M


]



T1T
M;W`^0F%N:R!










]
T1R93X-

SPO=&0^


T1T;W`^0F%N:R!

M9'5L92!/9B!3:&]R=UT97)M($)A;FL@3&]A;G,@,38T/]T9#X-B`@(`@

T1T;W`^0F%N:R!







]




M1&YU;7`^
2PV
CDL


]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;FL@3&]A;G

M
BXU


]

M($QO86YS(#$W


M:R!


]

M(#$W


M;FL@3&]A;G

BPY-30L
#0X/'-P

]
T1N=6UP/C
W+#8S.2PU
#8\

M/D)A;FL@3&]A;G

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93AE9F%D-SA?8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
M
#4R96(P

O4VAE970W
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


;VYG


M
T1T;W`^0F%N:R!

M3V8@3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0@






]


@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@0W5R

]
T1N=6UP/C
N



@

]


M;G

]
T1N=6UP/C0N
C`E/'-P

M

M/3-$=&]P/D)A;FL@3&]A;G

]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;FL@3&]A;G


T1T;W`^0F%N:R!


3$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

T1T;W`^0F%N:R!


3(\+W1D


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]

]


]






]





T1T;W`^0F%N:R!


3D\










M
T1T;W`^0F%N:R!

M3V8@3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0@


M4&]R=&EO;B!/9B!



]

]


@4V-H961U



T1T;W`^0F%N:R!
;V%N

M8G0@


]




M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;FL@3&]A;G


]

P/]T9#X-B`@

3PO=&0^

]

M(#

#0V/'-P



T1T
M;W`^0F%N:R!

M3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0@

M=&EO;B!/9B!


C4L



T1T;W`^0F%N:R!





T1T;W`^0F%N:R!
;V%N

M8G0@

M8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B
#$Y





]

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@

]


@3V8@3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92!!;F0@1&5B


]


@3V8@3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92!!;F0@1&5B96YT

M
BPU



#QS

]


@3V8@3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92!!;F0@1&5B96YT=7)E

RPP
S(L-3`P




M8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B
#$Y





]

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\

M4&]R=&EO;B!


]








]
T1N=6UP/CDX
2PY
S

M;B!

]
M











]


@3V8@3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0@.#PO=&0^











]






]
M








M;G0@4&]R=&EO;B!


;VYG+71E

2PX
M-S4L




]
T1R;SX-






;VYG






M=&EO;B!


]











3




M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PW
3
L.#8U


M860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C


M(&-O;G1E;G0]



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@




@


]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP







@




@4&%Y




T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92!!;F0@0V]N=F5R=&EB



T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y




T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92!!;F0@0V]N=F5R=&EB

M

]
T1R;SX-


T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92!!;F0@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@

3
\

]



@4&%Y86)L92`Q-3PO

T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L



M:7-S;W)Y($YO=&4@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92`Q-SPO=&0^


T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92!!



]




M97
@4&%Y86)L92`R




M+#(P

]


]





M-2PT





W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A
M7S`U
F5B






]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P



M:7-S;W)Y($YO=&4@



]

M



M


T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


M8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P

O4VAE970W


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4V-H961U;&4@;V8@5&%X97

]


T1T;W`^5&%X97
@
M4&%Y86)L97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&%X97
@4&%Y86)L92`Q/]T9#X-B`@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&%X97,@4&%Y
M86)L97,@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&%X97,@4&%Y86)L92`R/]T9#X-B`@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/CDY-BPV


6%B;&4@-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S<STS
M1&YU;7`^,BPU-S(L-C8S/'-P86X^/]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

]
T1N=6UP
M/C0T





]



T1T;W`^5&%X97
@4&%Y86)L97
@
M4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&%X97
@4&%Y86)L92`Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



]

M1&YU;7`^





M;&4@

C$\


3
\


T1T;W`^5&%X97
@
M4&%Y86)L97
@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@5&%X97
@4&%Y86)L92`Q-#PO=&0^#0H@



]

]
T1N=6UP/CDT-RPY
M


M

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
S(P+#0W


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P-3)E8C`Q.64W9F0O




]





M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]



]

M;F0@3W1H97(@4&%Y86)L97
@


M8FQE(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($%C8W)U960@17AP96YS97
@06YD($]T:&5R(%!A



T1T


M17AP96YS97





]


@06YD($]T:&5R


]



M($%C8W)U960@17AP96YS97


]


@


]

M97(@4&%Y86)L97
@

]

M97
@


]

@
3
\+W1D



M17AP96YS97


]


@06YD($]T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8W)U960@17AP96YS97


]
T1N=6UP/C(X-2PS
M

M=&]P/D%C8W)U960@17AP96YS97


]
T1N=6UP/C0L


]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P-3)E8C`Q.64W9F0O




]



]



T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M

@3V8@3&]N
M9RUT97)M($1E8G0@


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PX-S4L





]


]









]


]
T1N=6UP/C0N














#0L
SDT/'-P







]


]
T1N=6UP/C0N




3`T+#
Y

]


]





]

]
T1N=6UP/C
X

]


]




]

]
T1N=6UP

]



M







]















]

]
T1N=6UP/C(N
#`E













]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L

]

]


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R,F9?
M8C,S85\P-3)E8C`Q.64W9F0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO93AE9F%D-SA?8S=F85\T
C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P

M:&5E='
O4VAE970X

T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^


3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@


]


T1T;W`^

M;G
@3V8@3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92`R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E

@3V8@3F]T97
@





T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@3F]N

@3V8@3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92`V/]T9#X-B`@




]




]



T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M

@3V8@3F]T
M97
@4&%Y86)L92`Q

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@3F]N+6-U

@3V8@3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92`Q

T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E

@3V8@3F]T97
@
M4&%Y86)L92`Q


M9VX]

M;G0@4&]R=&EO;G
@3V8@3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92`Q
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

C

F9?
M8C

T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^


3(@

S$L(#(P




M

F%T:6]N


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4V+#
Y


]

M
3$L


M=&EO;B!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!486)L92`U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




]


M:7IA=&EO;B!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!#87!I=&%L:7IA=&EO;B!296-O;F-I;&EA

M+#`P

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@0V%P:71A;&EZ871I
M;VX@4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@5&%B;&4@.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C




]

C4L

M=&EO;B!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!#87!I=&%L:7IA=&EO;B!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO
M;B!486)L92`Q



S8L


M9B!#87!I=&%L:7IA=&EO;B!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!486)L92`Q
CPO=&0^


T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ
M871I;VX@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@0V%P:71A;&EZ871I;VX@4F5C;VYC:6QI871I
M;VX@5&%B;&4@
3


F%T
M:6]N(%)E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N(%1A8FQE(#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

T+#DQ-BPW


W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A
M7S`U
F5B






]



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
2PW-3





N:'1M








M=6QE(&]F(%-A;&5S(&)Y($-A=&5G;W)I97





M4V%L97

3PO=&0^#0H@


M1&YU;7`^









T1T;W`^4V%L97


]
T1R

M:65S($]F(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92`V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



S@L
S4W+#
T.#QS

]

M=&5G;W)I97


]





M
T1T;W`^4V%L97
7!E(#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XD(#4\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
M
F5B






]





]



M
T1T;W`^4V%L97

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
C`V+#(T

]
T1P


T1T;W`^4V%L97

]
T1N=6UP/C0S+#
Y



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V%L97,@0GD@4')O9'5C=!4



]



M(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!2979E;G5E($)Y($=E;V=R87!H

\

M/E-A;&5S($)Y(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!2979E;G5E($)Y





M9VX]
T1T;W`^4V%L97

]
M


]

3


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]





3


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4V%L97




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V%L97,@0GD@4')O9'5C=!4

CDL

M



M;&5S($)Y(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!2979E;G5E($)Y($=E



]
T1N

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-A;&5S($)Y(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!38VAE9'5L92!/




]




CPO=&0^#0H@


T1T;W`^4V%L97
@0GD@


]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L-SDW+#
Y


]







]


]


BPS


M;&5S($)Y(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!2979E;G5E($)Y($=E


T1T;W`^
M4V%L97



]
M


]


]
M


S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


S0\+W1D/@T*


T1T;W`^4V%L97
@0GD@


]

M-C8L



]




]


Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L





T1T;W`^4V%L97
@0GD@4')O9'5C




]
T1N=6UP/C(L


]


M
RPQ

M/3-$=&]P/E-A;&5S($)Y(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!38VAE9'5L92!/9B!2979E




]
T1N=6UP/CDL
S
U+#@Q



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V%L97,@0GD@4')O9'5C=!4



]
T1R;SX-

3QS

]


M




3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


T1T;W`^4V%L97

]

2PR-CDL.3@V/'-P




]

M1&YU;7`^



]



T1T;W`^4V%L97
@0GD@4')O




]
T1N=6UP/C(Q-RPU-3
L-C8P




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A
M7S0R
F9?8C



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


M9'5L92!O9B!T:&4@9&EF9F5R96YC97


M;'-P86X]


M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$



]


@
CPO


T1T;W`^26YC




@0F5T=V5E;B!4

]

M5&%X97



]
T1R;SX-


]
T1R93X-







@




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



@4V-H961U;&4@




]
T1P

M92!487@@17AP96YS97
@




]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@-2PU-S

M/5].97AT4&%R=%]E.&5F860W.%]C-V9A7S0R
F9?8C
S85\P-3)E8C`Q.64W



M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P15=#04


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4&5R(%-H87)E
M($5F9F5C=!/9B!487@@17AE;7!T:6]N(#$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M


\+W1D/@T*




S0L-C$V

]



C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE
M-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W
M9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B






]

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H



N($9E9&5R86P@4W1A='5T
M;W)Y($EN8V]M92!487@@4F%T92!!;F0@5&AE($-O;7!A;GES($5F9F5C=&EV

M-2XP


]


]
T1N=6UP/C


]


3`N



]

3`N
M

]

38N

M97


]


@169F96-T:79E(%1A

]
T1N=6UP/C0Q+C(R

]

C

F9?
M8C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]




M9B!487@@4F%T97

@



]


]
!2871E<R!&;W(@271S(%-U8G-I9&EA<FEE


]
M

C4N
M



M='

M86QI9VX]


M87@@4F%T97

@.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



]



]

M



@1F]R($ET

@


C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W9F%?-#(R
M9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B




]
M


M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q-#QB

]



T1T;W`^16%R
M;FEN9W


S
L.#DU


@4&5R
M(%-H87)E(#


M
T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W


M-BPV
S



M;FEN9W


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F


S


M;&4@3V8@16%R;FEN9W


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%-C


S



]

]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#8Q-BPW



M






]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#8Q
M-BPW





]

]
T1N=6UP/C`\




]
M

]



M

C$\





]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C`N





]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C`N





]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
T+#8Q-BPW








C@\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

C)F
M7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T

W9F%?-#(R9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B




]


]
T1T


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#



M;2!296YT86P@4&%Y;65N='
@1F]R($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97
@
3PO=&0^





]





M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DQE87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U


]


96%S92!#;VUM

M;65N='
@1F]R($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97
@
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT








@1F]R($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S
M97
@




96%S92!#;VUM:71M

M='
@1F]R($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97




M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO93AE9F%D-SA?8S=F85\T
C)F
M7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P

O4VAE970Y
2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N








M
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

M1&YU;7`^)`W.PQ





]



]

3$L
S

96%S92!#

96%S92!0


]

]
M



@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@

@-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@








M;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R92!-:6YI;75M($QE87-E(%!A

]
T1T97AT

]

M1&YU;7`^
3$L
S






#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@





96%S92!#

96%S92!0












3$L
S
Y/'-P86X^


96%S

96%S











3(X/'-P





3$L
S







CPO=&0^




3$T




M;2!






]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$R


M

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E($UI

@


]

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C$P-2PV.#


M(#




M87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R92!-:6YI;75M($QE

Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DQE87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R

R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D








SPO=&0^




C@Y




M;2!


]

]
T1P

]



@

@


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
M-2PV.#


M/3-$=&]P/DQE87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R92!-

Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L








#4L-C@S/'-P













]


]

]



T1T

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E($UI;FEM



]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C$P-2PV.#







M($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R92!-:6YI;75M($QE87-E



M/3-$=&]P/DQE87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R92!-







3PO=&0^#0H@



C@Y/'-P






]


]


]



@4V-H

@-34\+W1D

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#
R
M


T1T

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E($UI;FEM




96%S92!#;VUM:71M96YT




M;7`^
C(S+#$U

M86QI9VX]

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T

@
3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




]

]



T1T;W`^

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E($UI;FEM=6T@



]

]



M;65N='

M='



]


]


@4V-H961U

@
3`\+W1D/@T*

]



]

]



T1T;W`^

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E($UI;FEM=6T@

@

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$Q+#


]


]



@4V-H

@
30\+W1D

]


]

]



T1T

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E($UI;FEM

@

]
M

]
T1P

]



@

@
3@\

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


M

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E($UI

@


]

]
M


]



M='

@
M

]


]

]
T1T97AT


M9VX]

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E

@


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#



]

]



M;65N='

M='
@

]
T1N=6UP/CDU+#$Q-#QS

]

]
T1T

M86QI9VX]

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T

@


]



]

]


]
T1R;SX-


]


]





3(L-S4W/'-P86X^

96%S

96%S




3`U+#8X



]

]



M;65N='

M='
@

]
T1N=6UP/C@Y+#(X.3QS

]

]
T1T


]

]



]
T1R93X-












3`U+#8X


]

]
T1T97AT


M9VX]

@4V-H961U;&4@3V8@1G5T=7)E



]



]

]


]


]


]




96%S92!#

96%S92!0





3`U+#8X

]
M


]



M='

@

]


]

]
T1T97AT

]


]



]

C(\

M/DQE87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%-C:&5D=6QE($]F($9U='5R92!-:6YI;75M





]


]


@

@-C(\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L.38P+#`R


]

]
T1T97AT


C)F7V(S
V%?
#4R96(P
3EE-V9D#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

W9F%?-#(R
M9E]B
S-A7S`U
F5B

&UL('AM;&YS.F\],T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87,M;6EC<F]S;V9T+6-O;3IO
M9F9I8V4Z;V9F:6-E(CX-B`\;SI-86EN1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(BXN+U=O<FMB
M;V]K+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#4N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,CDN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
S
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#
V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S
M-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S@N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970T
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E

M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970T.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#4W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U.YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970V,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C(N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8V+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#8Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970W,YH

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970W-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F

M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970W.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#@Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
M
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#
N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970X-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M.#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@W+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#DP+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y
2YH=&UL(B\^

`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

          

            Par value

            authorized

          
          


          

            200
000
000

          

            25
172
640




            New shares issued to employees

            and vendors during 2009

          
          

            56
393




            New shares issued to PIPE

            investors

          
          

            5
011
169




            New shares issued to service

            provider during 2010

          
          

            2
000




            New shares issued to PIPE

            investors

          
          

            3
440
800



          
          
          

            5
000




            New shares issued as acquisition

            consideration

          
          

            731
707




            New shares issued to service

            provider during 2011

          
          

            25
000




            New shares issued to employees per

            stock incentive plan

          
          

            27
092




            New shares issued to employees per

            stock incentive plan

          


            11/21/2011


            36
073




            New shares issued to employees per

            stock incentive plan

          


            10/5/2012


            108
840




            New shares issued to service

            provider during 2014

          
          

            300
000



          
          
          

            34
916
714


    


        
        

          

            Number of warrants

            or options

          
          



            Warrants issued to investors in

            2009 PIPE - Series A


            1
753
909

          
          


          

            1
753
909

          
          

    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      

          

        

            
          


      
        
        

      
        
        

 which was filed by Shandong Lorain
 a subsidiary of the Company
 against Junan Hengji Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (Junan Hengji) in November 2013. Subsequently
 Shandong Lorain added Jiangsu Hengan Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. (Hengan Investment) as a co-defendant.
          

            Shandong Lorain filed the lawsuit to claim a fixed return of RMB10
            million (approximately $$1
629
062) that should have been paid by Junan Hengji pursuant to a cooperative development agreement (the Agreement) between Shandong Lorain and Junan Hengji entered into by the parties in September 2010. Pursuant to the Agreement
 Junan Henji is required to pay Shandong Lorain a total RMB20
            million (approximately $3
225
806) fixed return according to the development status of the project developed by Hengji. The payment was due and unpaid to Shandong Lorain. Consequently
 the Company has written down its other receivable amount and suffered a loss of $2
762
411.
          
          

            In January 2014
 the court had its first trial session. During the trial
 Hengan Investment filed a counterclaim against Shandong Lorain for repayment of out of pocket expenses of RMB4
746
927
            (approximately $765
633). Shandong Lorain responded that Hengan Investment does not have standing to file the counter-claim because the out of pocket payments were made by Junan Hengji. In November 2014
 the court had a second trial session and completed its discovery process and the Company is waiting for the judgment of the court.
          


    




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes operating lease arrangements and arrangements in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services
 or has agreed to commit resources to supply goods or services
 and operating lease arrangements. Descriptions may include identification of the specific goods and services
 period of time covered
 minimum quantities and amounts
 and cancellation rights.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

              On March 12
 2015
 the Company and Jade Lane Group Limited entered into an agreement to repayment terms of the promissory note in the amount of $3
500
000
              issued to the Company on March 13
 2014. The Company agreed to repay the promissory note in form of both cash payment of $791
433
              and conversion of
              2
355
276
              shares of common stock at a conversion price of $1.15
              per share.
            


    




        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
$ 9
375
000


        
5
625
000


        
12
000
000


        
12
000
000


        
$ 24
000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

          


              
            

          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          


          
          
          
          
          
          

            114
709
00

          


          
          
          

            123
037
895

          
          

            5

          


          
          
          

            58
874
609

          
          

            62
213
432

          


          
          
          

            35
641
156

          
          

            38
357
348

          


          
          
          
          
          
          


              215
279
78
            

          


          
          
          

            &#160;

              217
553
660
            

          
          

            &#160;

              5
            

          

    


        
        

          


              
            

          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          


          
          
          

            206
241

          
          

            59
317

          


          
          
          

            43
390

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            1
624
771

          
          

            4
296
553

          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            142
620

          


          
          
          
          
          
          

            158
785
05

          


          
          
          

            138
834
016

          
          

            3

          


          
          
          

            25
665
791

          
          

            2
282
220

          


          
          
          

            993
899

          
          

            1
232
648

          


          
          
          

            329
163

          
          

            164
921

          


          
          
          

            88
845

          
          

            566
651

          


          
          
          

            1
059
609

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            22
131
837

          
          

            25
763
794

          


          
          
          

            2
797
391

          
          

            1
663
077

          


          
          
          

            5
760

          
          

            808
505

          


          
          
          

            62
321

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            811
391

          
          

            614
276

          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            115
672

          


          
          
          

            5
930
655

          
          

            3
557
232

          


          
          
          

            66
181

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            118
795

          


          
          
          

            2
470
578

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            2
359
656

          
          

            2
413
137

          


          
          
          

            7
225
153

          
          

            9
335
811

          


          
          
          

            318
661

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            545
191

          
          

            108
946

          


          
          
          

            948
165

          
          

            604
268

          


          
          
          

            2
182
436

          
          

            1
269
986

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            835
231

          
          

            1
361
680

          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            14
623

          


          

            

          

            17
328

          
          

            -

          


          

            


            



              217
553
660
            

          

            



              215
279
785
            

          

    




        
          

        
          
            

 customer relationships with financial institutions
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material.  An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

              A.
              
            




        
          
          
          

 the age of account receivables have been less than one year indicating that the Company is subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers.


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

              
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

              
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

 the Company&#8217;s business
 financial condition
 and results of operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
 and legal environments in the PRC.


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

 among others
 the political
 economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&#8217;s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

              
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

 the Company has purchased insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local environment.


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

              
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

 significant increases in the price of raw materials and labor that cannot be passed on the Company&#8217;s customers could adversely impact the Company&#8217;s results of operations.


    




        
          

        
          
            

 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 which are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 2014 in order to be consistent with the presentation provided for the year ended December 31
 2013. There was no impact on earnings for the regrouping.


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            The consolidated financial statements which include the Company and its subsidiaries are compiled in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The consolidated financial statements include
            100% of assets
 liabilities
 and net income or loss of those wholly-owned subsidiaries; ownership interests of non- controlling investors are recorded as non-controlling interests.
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 2014
 the detailed identities of the consolidating subsidiaries are as follows:






        
        
        
        
        
        


            
          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        


            
          

        
        


            
          

        
        


            
          

        


        


            
          

        


            
          

        
        


            
          

        
        


            
          

        


        
        
        
        
        
        

          100

        
        

          50
694
389

        


        


        
        
        
        

          100

        
        

          48
741
549

        


        


        
        
        
        

          80.2

        
        

          13
177
441

        


        


        
        
        
        

          100

        
        

          1
629
062

        


        


        
        
        
        

          100

        
        

          4
126
220

        


        


        
        
        
        

          100

        
        

          2
502
240

        


        


        
        
        
        

          100

        
        

          162
906

        


        
        
        
        
        
        

          51

        
        

          14
456

        


        
        
        
        
        
        

          51

        
        

          491
497

        


        
        
        
        
        
        

          51

        
        

          5
782

        


        
        
        
        
        
        

          51

        
        

          882

        


        
        
        
        
        
        

          51

        
        

          5
782

        


        
        
        
        
        
        

          51

        
        

          318
027

        

    


        
        
      
        
        
        

      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 actual results could differ materially from those estimates.


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        


 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead.


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            Advance to suppliers is a good faith deposit paid to the supplier for the purpose of committing the supplier to provide product promptly upon delivery of the Company&#8217;s purchase order for raw materials
 supplies
 equipment
 building materials
 and other items necessary for our operations. Pursuant to the Company&#8217;s arrangements with its suppliers
 this deposit is generally
            20% of the total amount contracted for. This type of transaction is classified as a prepayment under the account name &#8220;Advance to Suppliers&#8221; until such time as the Company&#8217;s purchase order is delivered
 at which point this account is reduced by reclassification of the applicable amount to the appropriate asset account such as inventory or fixed assets or construction in progress.
          


    


Property
 plant and equipment [Policy Text Block]
        
      
        

          

        


 plant and equipment
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method with a salvage value of
            10%. Estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
          





        
        

          20
          -
          40
          years



        



          30
          years



        
        

          1
          -
          10
          years



        
        

          10
          years



        
        

          5
          years



    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over
            40
            -
            50
            years.
          


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
&#8221; for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Impairment is present if carrying amount of an asset is less than its undiscounted cash flows to be generated.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.The Company believes no impairment has occurred to its assets during 2014 and 2013.


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 &#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes.&#8221; Income tax liabilities computed according to the United States
 People&#8217;s Republic of China (PRC)
 and France tax laws are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to differences between the basis of fixed assets and intangible assets for financial and tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future income taxes. A valuation allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize that tax benefit
 or that future realization is uncertain.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            Effective January 1
 2008
 PRC government implemented a new
            25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard
            25% tax rate
 tax holidays terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises that were already participating in tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until they had been fully utilized.
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            The standard corporate income tax in France is
            33.33% except for a small or new business
 which may benefit from lower rates. In addition
 a
            3.3% of social surcharge is charged to the Company&#8217;s French subsidiaries if the standard corporate income tax liability exceeds EUR763
000. Furthermore
 a
            10.7% temporary surtax applies when a company&#8217;s turnover exceeds EUR250
            million.
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          






        

          &#160;&#160;
          

        


        


            
          

        


            
          

        
        


            
          

        
        


            
          

        


        

          15%

        

          0

        
        

          50
000

        
        

          0

        


        

          25%

        

          50
000

        
        

          75
000

        
        

          50
000

        


        

          34%

        

          75
000

        
        

          100
000

        
        

          75
000

        


        

          39%

        

          100
000

        
        

          335
000

        
        

          100
000

        


        

          34%

        

          335
000

        
        

          10
000
000

        
        

          335
000

        


        

          35%

        

          10
000
000

        
        

          15
000
000

        
        

          10
000
000

        


        

          38%

        

          15
000
000

        
        

          18
333
333

        
        

          15
000
000

        


        

          35%

        

          18
333
333

        
        

          -

        
        

          -

        

    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. The Company transferred $4
642
404
            and $1
474
019
            from retained earnings to statutory reserves for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit
 must appropriate
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
            10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
            50% of the enterprise&#8217;s PRC registered capital.
          


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
          





        
        
        


            
          

        
        


            
          

        


        
        
        

          6.1385

        
        

          6.1104

        


        
        
        

          6.1432

        
        

          6.1905

        


        
        
        

          0.8826

        
        

          0.7263

        


        
        
        

          0.7773

        
        

          0.7532

        



      
        
        
        

 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the rates used in translation.


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectability is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding and potential dilutive securities during the year. During the period ended December 31
 2014
 no warrants were issued nor were options granted. For the year ended December 31
 2010
            81
155
            warrants were issued to certain service providers. For the year ended December 31
 2009
            1
334
573
            stock options were granted to employees pursuant to the Company&#8217;s equity incentive plan;
            2
255
024
            warrants were issued to investors in connection with a PIPE financing. These warrants and options could be potentially dilutive if the market price of the Company&#8217;s common stock exceeds the exercise price for these securities.
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 &#8220;Earnings per share&#8221; (&#8220;SFAS No. 128&#8221;)
 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#8220;SAB 98&#8221;). SFAS No. 128 requires companies with complex capital structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g.
 convertible securities
 options
 and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented
 or issuance date
 if later. Potential common shares that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e.
 those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &#8220;Financial Instruments
&#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Company&#8217;s current component of other comprehensive income includes the foreign currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or loss.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 &#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&#8217; equity
 except the changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders. Comprehensive income for the periods ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 included net income and foreign currency translation adjustments.


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
 goodwill is no longer subject to amortization. Rather
 goodwill is subject to at least an annual assessment for impairment
 applying a fair-value based test. Fair value is generally determined using a discounted cash flow analysis.


    


        
        
      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08
 &#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360) - Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.&#8221; Some stakeholders told FASB that too many disposals of small groups of assets that are recurring in nature qualify for discontinued operations presentation under Subtopic 205- 20
 Presentation of Financial Statements&#8212;Discontinued Operations. That results in financial statements that are less useful for users. Other stakeholders noted that some of the guidance on reporting discontinued operations results in higher costs for preparers because it can be complex and difficult to apply. The amendments in this Update address those issues by changing the criteria for reporting discontinued operations and enhancing convergence of the FASB&#8217;s and the International Accounting Standard Board&#8217;s (IASB) reporting requirements for discontinued operations. The amendment should apply to all disposals (or classifications as held for sale) of components of an entity that occur within annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those years.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
 &#8220;Compensation&#8212;Stock Compensation (Topic 718) - Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.&#8221; Entities commonly issue share-based payment awards that require a specific performance target to be achieved in order for employees to become eligible to vest in the awards. Examples of performance targets include an entity attaining a specified profitability metric or selling shares in an initial public offering. Generally
 an award with a performance target also requires an employee to render service until the performance target is achieved. In some cases
 however
 the terms of an award may provide that the performance target could be achieved after an employee completes the requisite service period. That is
 the employee would be eligible to vest in the award regardless of whether the employee is rendering service on the date the performance target is achieved.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 therefore
 do not reflect the performance target in the estimate of the grant-date fair value of the award. Other reporting entities treat those performance targets as nonvesting conditions that affect the grant-date fair value of the award. This Update is intended to resolve the diverse accounting treatment of those awards in practice.


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 the amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted.


    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -Section 02
 03
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including marketable securities (debt and equity securities with readily determinable fair values)
 investments accounted for under the equity method and cost method
 securities borrowed and loaned
 and repurchase and resale agreements. For marketable securities
 the disclosure may include the entity's accounting treatment for transfers between investment categories and how the fair values for such securities are determined. Also
 for all investments
 an entity may describe its policy for assessing
 recognizing and measuring impairment of the investment.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2
 -Paragraph 2
 12
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 their beneficiaries
 and covered dependents after employment but before retirement
 except for: a) benefits provided through a pension or postretirement benefit plan
 b) individual deferred compensation arrangements
 c) special or contractual termination benefits
 and d) stock compensation plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      

          

        

            
          





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 which are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting.


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 2014 in order to be consistent with the presentation provided for the year ended December 31
 2013. There was no impact on earnings for the regrouping.





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

                The consolidated financial statements which include the Company and its subsidiaries are compiled in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The consolidated financial statements include
                100% of assets
 liabilities
 and net income or loss of those wholly-owned subsidiaries; ownership interests of non- controlling investors are recorded as non-controlling interests.
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 2014
 the detailed identities of the consolidating subsidiaries are as follows:






            
            
            
            
            
            


                
              

            
            
            
            


            
            
            


                
              

            
            


                
              

            
            


                
              

            


            


                
              

            


                
              

            
            


                
              

            
            


                
              

            


            
            
            
            
            
            

              100

            
            

              50
694
389

            


            


            
            
            
            

              100

            
            

              48
741
549

            


            


            
            
            
            

              80.2

            
            

              13
177
441

            


            


            
            
            
            

              100

            
            

              1
629
062

            


            


            
            
            
            

              100

            
            

              4
126
220

            


            


            
            
            
            

              100

            
            

              2
502
240

            


            


            
            
            
            

              100

            
            

              162
906

            


            
            
            
            
            
            

              51

            
            

              14
456

            


            
            
            
            
            
            

              51

            
            

              491
497

            


            
            
            
            
            
            

              51

            
            

              5
782

            


            
            
            
            
            
            

              51

            
            

              882

            


            
            
            
            
            
            

              51

            
            

              5
782

            


            
            
            
            
            
            

              51

            
            

              318
027

            



          
            
            
            

          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 actual results could differ materially from those estimates.





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            
              





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.


          
            
            
            

          
            
            


 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.




          
            
            
            
              





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            
              





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead.





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

                Advance to suppliers is a good faith deposit paid to the supplier for the purpose of committing the supplier to provide product promptly upon delivery of the Company&#8217;s purchase order for raw materials
 supplies
 equipment
 building materials
 and other items necessary for our operations. Pursuant to the Company&#8217;s arrangements with its suppliers
 this deposit is generally
                20% of the total amount contracted for. This type of transaction is classified as a prepayment under the account name &#8220;Advance to Suppliers&#8221; until such time as the Company&#8217;s purchase order is delivered
 at which point this account is reduced by reclassification of the applicable amount to the appropriate asset account such as inventory or fixed assets or construction in progress.
              





          
            

              

            


 plant and equipment
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

                Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method with a salvage value of
                10%. Estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
              





            
            

              20
              -
              40
              years



            



              30
              years



            
            

              1
              -
              10
              years



            
            

              10
              years



            
            

              5
              years



        

          
            
            
            

 whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            
              





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

                Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over
                40
                -
                50
                years.
              





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
&#8221; for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Impairment is present if carrying amount of an asset is less than its undiscounted cash flows to be generated.


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.The Company believes no impairment has occurred to its assets during 2014 and 2013.





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            
              





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            
              





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            
              





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            
              





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 &#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes.&#8221; Income tax liabilities computed according to the United States
 People&#8217;s Republic of China (PRC)
 and France tax laws are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes related primarily to differences between the basis of fixed assets and intangible assets for financial and tax reporting. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences
 which will be either taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred taxes also are recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future income taxes. A valuation allowance is created to evaluate deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize that tax benefit
 or that future realization is uncertain.


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

                Effective January 1
 2008
 PRC government implemented a new
                25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard
                25% tax rate
 tax holidays terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises that were already participating in tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until they had been fully utilized.
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

                The standard corporate income tax in France is
                33.33% except for a small or new business
 which may benefit from lower rates. In addition
 a
                3.3% of social surcharge is charged to the Company&#8217;s French subsidiaries if the standard corporate income tax liability exceeds EUR763
000. Furthermore
 a
                10.7% temporary surtax applies when a company&#8217;s turnover exceeds EUR250
                million.
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            
              






            

              &#160;&#160;
              

            


            


                
              

            


                
              

            
            


                
              

            
            


                
              

            


            

              15%

            

              0

            
            

              50
000

            
            

              0

            


            

              25%

            

              50
000

            
            

              75
000

            
            

              50
000

            


            

              34%

            

              75
000

            
            

              100
000

            
            

              75
000

            


            

              39%

            

              100
000

            
            

              335
000

            
            

              100
000

            


            

              34%

            

              335
000

            
            

              10
000
000

            
            

              335
000

            


            

              35%

            

              10
000
000

            
            

              15
000
000

            
            

              10
000
000

            


            

              38%

            

              15
000
000

            
            

              18
333
333

            
            

              15
000
000

            


            

              35%

            

              18
333
333

            
            

              -

            
            

              -

            




          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

                Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. The Company transferred $4
642
404
                and $1
474
019
                from retained earnings to statutory reserves for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit
 must appropriate
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
                10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
                50% of the enterprise&#8217;s PRC registered capital.
              





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            
              





            
            
            


                
              

            
            


                
              

            


            
            
            

              6.1385

            
            

              6.1104

            


            
            
            

              6.1432

            
            

              6.1905

            


            
            
            

              0.8826

            
            

              0.7263

            


            
            
            

              0.7773

            
            

              0.7532

            



          
            
            
            

 or could be
 converted into US Dollars at the rates used in translation.





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is completed
 no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectability is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.




          
            
            
            

 net of a value-added tax (VAT). The Company allows its customers to return products if they are defective. However
 this rarely happens and amounts returned have been de minimis.





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

                Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding and potential dilutive securities during the year. During the period ended December 31
 2014
 no warrants were issued nor were options granted. For the year ended December 31
 2010
                81
155
                warrants were issued to certain service providers. For the year ended December 31
 2009
                1
334
573
                stock options were granted to employees pursuant to the Company&#8217;s equity incentive plan;
                2
255
024
                warrants were issued to investors in connection with a PIPE financing. These warrants and options could be potentially dilutive if the market price of the Company&#8217;s common stock exceeds the exercise price for these securities.
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 &#8220;Earnings per share&#8221; (&#8220;SFAS No. 128&#8221;)
 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 98 (&#8220;SAB 98&#8221;). SFAS No. 128 requires companies with complex capital structures to present basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g.
 convertible securities
 options
 and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented
 or issuance date
 if later. Potential common shares that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e.
 those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &#8220;Financial Instruments
&#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:





            

              


              



            

              



 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.



            

              


              





          
            
            
            

 &#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&#8221; and ASC 815.


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 2014 and 2013
 the Company did not identify any assets and liabilities whose carrying amounts were required to be adjusted in order to present them at fair value.





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Company&#8217;s current component of other comprehensive income includes the foreign currency translation adjustment and unrealized gain or loss.


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 &#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&#8217; equity
 except the changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders. Comprehensive income for the periods ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 included net income and foreign currency translation adjustments.





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
 goodwill is no longer subject to amortization. Rather
 goodwill is subject to at least an annual assessment for impairment
 applying a fair-value based test. Fair value is generally determined using a discounted cash flow analysis.





          
            

              

            

                
              


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08
 &#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360) - Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.&#8221; Some stakeholders told FASB that too many disposals of small groups of assets that are recurring in nature qualify for discontinued operations presentation under Subtopic 205- 20
 Presentation of Financial Statements&#8212;Discontinued Operations. That results in financial statements that are less useful for users. Other stakeholders noted that some of the guidance on reporting discontinued operations results in higher costs for preparers because it can be complex and difficult to apply. The amendments in this Update address those issues by changing the criteria for reporting discontinued operations and enhancing convergence of the FASB&#8217;s and the International Accounting Standard Board&#8217;s (IASB) reporting requirements for discontinued operations. The amendment should apply to all disposals (or classifications as held for sale) of components of an entity that occur within annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those years.


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
 &#8220;Compensation&#8212;Stock Compensation (Topic 718) - Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.&#8221; Entities commonly issue share-based payment awards that require a specific performance target to be achieved in order for employees to become eligible to vest in the awards. Examples of performance targets include an entity attaining a specified profitability metric or selling shares in an initial public offering. Generally
 an award with a performance target also requires an employee to render service until the performance target is achieved. In some cases
 however
 the terms of an award may provide that the performance target could be achieved after an employee completes the requisite service period. That is
 the employee would be eligible to vest in the award regardless of whether the employee is rendering service on the date the performance target is achieved.


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 therefore
 do not reflect the performance target in the estimate of the grant-date fair value of the award. Other reporting entities treat those performance targets as nonvesting conditions that affect the grant-date fair value of the award. This Update is intended to resolve the diverse accounting treatment of those awards in practice.


          
            
            
            

          
            
            
            

 the amendments in this Update are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted.




 The FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 &#8220;Presentation of Financial Statements&#8212;Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#8217;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern&#8221; (&#8220;ASU 2014-15&#8221;). The Update provides U.S. GAAP guidance on management&#8217;s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period
 management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued and to provide related footnote disclosures.

 2016
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016. Early application is permitted for annual or interim reporting periods for which the financial statements have not previously been issued. Management does not expect the adoption of this standard will have a significant effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial position or results of operations.

          In January 2015
 The FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01
 &#8220;Income Statement&#8212;Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20)&#8221;.This Update eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. Subtopic 225-20
 Income Statement&#8212;Extraordinary and Unusual Items
 required that an entity separately classify
 present
 and disclose extraordinary events and transactions. Presently
 an event or transaction is presumed to be an ordinary and usual activity of the reporting entity unless evidence clearly supports its classification as an extraordinary item. Paragraph 225-20-45-2 contains the following criteria that must both be met for extraordinary classification:


          1. Unusual nature. The underlying event or transaction should possess a high degree of abnormality and be of a type clearly unrelated to
 or only incidentally related to
 the ordinary and typical activities of the entity

          taking into account the environment in which the entity operates.


          2. Infrequency of occurrence. The underlying event or transaction should be of a type that would not reasonably be expected to recur in the foreseeable future
 taking into account the environment in which the entity operates.


          If an event or transaction meets the criteria for extraordinary classification
 an entity is required to segregate the extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations and show the item separately in the income statement
 net of tax
after income from continuing operations. The entity also is required to disclose applicable income taxes and either present or disclose earnings-per-share data applicable to the extraordinary item.


          The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other entities.


          The Company has adopted ASU No. 2015-01 prospectively and has applied it to the presentation of the financial statements.
        

 2014
 there are no other recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would or could have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

      
      
      


          
        

      
      


          
        

      


      
      
      

        64
726
091

      
      

        54
511
350

      


      


          
        
        
        Allowance for doubtful accounts

      

        (5
919
625

      
      

        (439
875

      


      
      
      

        58
806
466

      
      

        &#160;

          54
071
475
        

      

  


        
        

      
      
      


          
        

      
      


          
        

      


      
      
      

        (439
875

      
      

        (443
898

      

    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

        (5
479
750

      
      

        -

      


      
      
      

        -

      
      

        4
023

      


      
      
      

        (5
919
625

      
      

        (439
875

      

  




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
$ 11
470
900


        
123
037
895


        
        


        
58
874
609


        
62
213
432


        
35
641
156


        
38
357
348


        
21
527
978


        
217
553
660


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

          
          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          


          
          
          

            1
664
596

          
          

            592
341

          


          
          
          

            996
629

          
          

            2
572
663

          


          
          
          

            442
382

          
          

            6
344

          


          
          
          

            55
872

          
          

            73
768

          


          
          
          

            1
478

          
          

            1
485

          


          
          
          

            158
194

          
          

            158
921

          


          
          
          

            53
400

          
          

            64
062

          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            271

          


          
          
          

            947
919

          
          

            952
278

          


          
          
          

            4
320
470

          
          

            4
422
133

          

    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Narrative) (Details) (USD $)

        

      






Property
 Plant And Equipment 29
        


Property
 Plant And Equipment 30
$ 4
907
651


Property
 Plant And Equipment 31
$ 4
226
873




        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment 31
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment 30
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment 29
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ 21
284


        
        


        
        


        
16
355


        
        


        
        


        
73
082


        
        


        
        


        
27
791


        
        


        
        


        
108
864


        
        


        
        


        
108
864


        
        


        
        


        
42
947


        
        


        
        


        
108
864


        
        


        
        


        
135
624


        
        


        
        


        
72
818


        
        


        
        


        
547
046


        
        


        
        


        
25
078


        
        


        
1
288
617


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 30
279
988
$ 33
857
193


        
4
195
114
1
842
989


        
58
806
466
54
071
475


        
8
183
485
5
698
020


        
51
648
160
41
950
253


        
42
479
437
42
400
517


        
2
758
334
2
168
573


        
        
180
679


        
3
578
514
3
242
259


        
201
929
498
185
411
958


        
        
        


        
3
258
125
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
89
148
530
87
561
341


Construction in Progress
 net
14
340
145
13
665
470


Land use rights
 net
17
537
868
16
407
543


        
10
327
553
        


        
336
541
719
303
046
312


        
        
        


        
41
645
100
29
400
694


        
6
005
430
        


        
3
500
000
        


        
19
226
094
5
713
865


        
10
071
009
4
015
502


        
4
320
470
4
422
133


        
4
153
054
2
315
815


        
2
433
300
        


        
70
545
        


        
61
428
166
450


        
91
486
430
46
034
459


        
        
        


        
2
707
587
8
079
831


        
32
581
249
45
823
514


        
126
775
266
99
937
804


        
        
        


Preferred Stock
 $0.001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
        
        


Common Stock
 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 34
916
714 shares and 34
616
714 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
34
917
34
617


        
53
853
089
53
487
389


        
23
038
917
18
396
513


        
99
021
555
99
257
837


        
20
796
420
20
928
244


        
13
021
555
11
003
908


        
209
766
453
203
108
508


        
$ 336
541
719
$ 303
046
312




        
          

        
          
            

 net
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if shorter.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade payables
 incurred through that date and due within one year (or in the operating cycle if longer) arising from transactions not otherwise specified in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. This element is for unclassified presentations; for classified presentations there is a separate and distinct element.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not elsewhere enumerated in the taxonomy
 with a maturity within one year (or within one operating cycle if longer) from the date of borrowing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if different) of the state or country.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

        
        
        


            
          

        
        


            
          

        


        
        
        

          8
397
757

        
        

          23
547
394

        


        
        
        

          (901
923

        
        

          (285
062

        


        
        
        

          7
495
834

        
        

          23
262
332

        

      
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

          PRC Statutory Tax at
          25% Rate

        

          3
089
712

        
        

          5
573
756

        


        
        
        

          -

        
        

          -

        


        
        
        

          3
089
712

        
        

          5
573
756

        

    


        
        

        
        
        


            
          

        
        


            
          

        

      
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

          &#160;
          -

        
        

          &#160;
          -

        


        
        
        

          34
808
221

        
        

          34
616
714

        


        
        
        

          &#160;
          -

        
        

          &#160;
          -

        

    


        
        
      
        
        
        

          
            


        
        

          
            


        


        
        
        

          35%

        
        

          35%

        


        


        

          -10%

        
        

          -10%

        


        
        
        

          16.22%

        
        

          -1.04%

        


        
        
        

          41.22%

        
        

          23.96%

        

    


        
        

        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

          

        


            
          

        
        


            
          

        


        
        
        

          25%

        
        

          25%

        


        
        
        

          25%

        
        

          25%

        


        
        
        

          25%

        
        

          25%

        


        
        
        

          25%

        
        

          25%

        


        
        
        

          25%

        
        

          25%

        


        
        
        

          25%

        
        

          25%

        

    




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Beginning Balance at Dec. 31
 2012
$ 16
922
494
$ 53
487
389
$ 9
949
228
$ 34
617
$ 16
210
661
$ 84
097
961
$ 180
702
350


Beginning Balance (Shares) at Dec. 31
 2012
        
        
        
34
616
714
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
17
688
575
17
688
575


        
        
        
1
054
680
        
        
(1
054
680)
        


        
1
474
019
        
        
        
        
(1
474
019)
        


        
        
        
        
        
4
717
583
        
4
717
583


Ending Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
18
396
513
53
487
389
11
003
908
34
617
20
928
244
99
257
837
203
108
508


Ending Balance (Shares) at Dec. 31
 2013
        
        
        
34
616
714
        
        
        


Beginning Balance at Jan. 01
 2014
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
3
752
524
3
752
524


        
        
        
2
671
245
        
        
        
2
671
245


        
        
365
700
        
        
        
        
366
000


        
        
        
        
300
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
(653
598)
        
        
653
598
        


        
4
642
404
        
        
        
        
(4
642
404)
        


        
        
        
        
        
(131
824)
        
(131
824)


Ending Balance at Dec. 31
 2014
$ 23
038
917
$ 53
853
089
$ 13
021
555
$ 34
917
$ 20
796
420
$ 99
021
555
$ 209
766
453


Ending Balance (Shares) at Dec. 31
 2014
        
        
        
34
916
714
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Tables)

        

      






Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
        

          
          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            87
751
232

          
          

            81
325
426

          


          
          
          

            232
946

          
          

            -

          


          


          

            10
923
768

          
          

            10
974
003

          


          
          
          

            21
853
334

          
          

            12
837
463

          


          
          
          

            1
095
590

          
          

            681
060

          


          
          
          

            654
324

          
          

            582
128

          


          
          
          

            122
511
194

          
          

            106
400
080

          


          


              
            
            
            Accumulated depreciation

          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            (14
479
949

          
          

            (7
975
238

          


          


          

            (402
153

          
          

            (3
081
369

          


          
          
          

            (13
181
519

          
          

            (6
916
526

          


          
          
          

            (1
252
846

          
          

            (524
931

          


          
          
          

            (427
197

          
          

            (340
675

          


          
          
          

            (33
362
664

          
          

            (18
838
739

          

        
          
          
          

            89
148
530

          
          

            87
561
341

          

    




        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
$ (439
875)


        
(443
898)


        
(5
479
750)


        
        


        
        


        
4
023


        
(5
919
625)


        
$ (439
875)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          
            





        
          
          
          

              19.8% equity of Shandong Lorain held by the Shandong Economic Development Investment Corporation
 which is a state-owned interest.
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

              49% equity of the Athena Group held by Biobranco II
 Alcides Branco
 and Nuno Branco.
            


    




        
          

        
          
            

 which could include the name of the subsidiary
 the ownership percentage held by the parent
 the ownership percentage held by the noncontrolling owners
 the amount of the noncontrolling interest
 the location of this amount on the balance sheet (when not reported separately)
 an explanation of the increase or decrease in the amount of the noncontrolling interest
 the noncontrolling interest share of the net Income or Loss of the subsidiary
 the location of this amount on the income statement (when not reported separately)
 the nature of the noncontrolling interest such as background information and terms
 the amount of the noncontrolling interest represented by preferred stock
 a description of the preferred stock
 and the dividend requirements of the preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Tables)

        

      






        
        

          
          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          


          

            Land use rights
            

          

            17
520
374

          
          

            17
600
945

          


          

            Utilities rights
            

          

            50
676

          
          

            50
909

          


          

            Software
            

          

            451
863

          
          

            59
496

          


          

            Patent
            

          

            1
581
891

          
          

            1
543

          


          
          
          

            19
604
804

          
          

            17
712
893

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          


              
            
            
            Accumulated amortization

          

            (2
066
936

          
          

            (1
305
350

          


          
          
          

            17
537
868

          
          

            16
407
543

          

    




        
          

        
          
            

 which may be broken down by segment or major class.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
      

          

        

            
          


      
        
        

      
        
        

 France
 and Portugal
 and in accordance with the relevant tax laws and regulations. The corporate income tax rate for each country is as follows:






        

          


          PRC tax rate is
          25%.



        

          


          France tax rate is
          33.3%



        

          


          Portugal tax rate is
          23%.




 2014 and 2013:


            
            
            


                
              

            
            


                
              

            


            
            
            

              8
397
757

            
            

              23
547
394

            


            
            
            

              (901
923

            
            

              (285
062

            


            
            
            

              7
495
834

            
            

              23
262
332

            

          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            

          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            

              PRC Statutory Tax at
              25% Rate

            

              3
089
712

            
            

              5
573
756

            


            
            
            

              -

            
            

              -

            


            
            
            

              3
089
712

            
            

              5
573
756

            




        
      
    


            
            
            


                
              

            
            


                
              

            

          
            
            
            
            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            


            
            
            

              34
808
221

            
            

              34
616
714

            


            
            
            

              &#160;
              -

            
            

              &#160;
              -

            



 2014 and 2013:

          
            
            
            

              
                


            
            

              
                


            


            
            
            

              35%

            
            

              35%

            


            


            

              -10%

            
            

              -10%

            


            
            
            

              16.22%

            
            

              -1.04%

            


            
            
            

              41.22%

            
            

              23.96%

            



      Effective January 1
 2008
 the PRC government implemented a new
      25% tax rate across the board for all enterprises regardless of whether domestic or foreign enterprise without any tax holiday which is defined as &#8220;two-year exemption followed by three-year half exemption&#8221; hitherto enjoyed by tax payers. As a result of the new tax law of a standard
      25% tax rate
 tax holidays were terminated as of December 31
 2007. However
 PRC government has established a set of transition rules to allow enterprises that were already participating in tax holidays before January 1
 2008
 to continue enjoying the tax holidays until being fully utilized.
    

 2014 because the Company planned to setup operations in the United States. The company anticipates that the operations within the United States will generate income in the future so that it will be able to take full advantage of the accrued tax asset. Accordingly the Company has not provided a valuation allowance for the accrued tax asset.
    


            
            
            
            
            


            
            
            
            
            


            

              

            


                
              

            
            


                
              

            


            
            
            

              25%

            
            

              25%

            


            
            
            

              25%

            
            

              25%

            


            
            
            

              25%

            
            

              25%

            


            
            
            

              25%

            
            

              25%

            


            
            
            

              25%

            
            

              25%

            


            
            
            

              25%

            
            

              25%

            

        




        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details) (USD $)

        

      






Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 1
$ 87
751
232


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 2
81
325
426


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 3
232
946


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 4
        


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 5
10
923
768


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 6
10
974
003


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 7
21
853
334


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 8
12
837
463


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 9
1
095
590


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 10
681
060


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 11
654
324


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 12
582
128


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 13
122
511
194


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 14
106
400
080


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 15
(14
479
949)


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 16
(7
975
238)


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 17
(402
153)


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 18
(3
081
369)


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 19
(13
181
519)


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 20
(6
916
526)


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 21
(1
252
846)


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 22
(524
931)


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 23
(427
197)


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 24
(340
675)


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 25
(33
362
664)


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 26
(18
838
739)


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 27
89
148
530


Property
 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 28
$ 87
561
341




        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 1
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 21
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 8
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 13
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 6
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 22
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 25
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 20
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 9
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 27
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 17
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 5
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 4
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 23
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 19
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 15
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 10
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 12
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 3
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 16
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 18
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 26
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 28
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 2
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 11
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 14
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 7
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 24
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

ORGANIZATION
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

        

      






ORGANIZATION
 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES [Text Block]
        
      

          

        


 BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
          





      
        

          

        


 Inc.)
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 1986. On November 12
 2009
 the Company filed a statement of merger in the state of Nevada to transfer the Company&#8217;s jurisdiction from Delaware to Nevada.


      
        
        
        

      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            ALN owns
            100% of the equity of International Lorain Holding Inc. (&#8220;ILH&#8221;). ILH is a Cayman Islands company incorporated on August 4
 2006 and was wholly-owned by Mr. Hisashi Akazawa until May 3
 2007. ILH presently has two direct wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Junan Hongrun and Luotian Lorain
 and three indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries through Junan Hongrun
 which are Beijing Lorain
 Dongguan Lorain
 and Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Shandong Greenpia&#8221;).
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            In addition
 the Company directly and indirectly has
            80.2% ownership of Shandong Lorain. The rest of the
            19.8%
 which is owned by the State under the name of Shandong Economic Development Investment Co. Ltd.
 is not included as a part of the Group.
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            On April 9
 2009
 the Company
 through its Junan Hongrun subsidiary
 invested cash to establish Dongguan Lorain. Dongguan Lorain is indirectly
            100% beneficially owned by the Company.
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            On June 28
 2010
 the Company signed an equity transfer agreement with Shandong Greenpia. Shandong Greenpia was originally directly owned by Taebong Inc. and Shandong Luan Trade Company. The Company paid $2
100
000
            to Korean Taebong Inc. for
            50% equity of Shandong Greenpia on September 20
 2010. On September 23
 2010
 the Company issued
            731
707
            shares of restricted stock at an agreed price of $2.87
            per share to the owner of Shandong Luan Trade Company
 Mr. Ji Zhenwei
 for the remaining
            50% equity of Shandong Greenpia. Since September 23
 2010
 Shandong Greenpia was directly owned by both Junan Hongrun and ILH. As a result
 Shandong Greenpia is
            100% owned by the Company. Accordingly
 the Company booked a gain of $383
482
            which is included in the statement of income as other income.
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

            On February 7
 2014
 American Lorain Corporation
 through its indirect wholly owned subsidiary
 Junan Hongrun entered into two Share Purchase Agreements with Intiraimi
 a limited liability company organized under the laws of France and Biobranco II
 a company organized under Portuguese law
 respectively
 to acquire
            51% of the share capital of Athena Group. On June 30
 2014
 Junan Hongrun officially completed the acquisition and controlled total
            51% shares of Athena Group.
          




      
        
        
        

      
        

          

        

            
          


      
        
        
        

      
        
        
        

 manufactures
 and sells convenience foods (including ready-to- cook (or RTC) foods; ready-to-eat (or RTE) foods and meals ready-to-eat (or MRE); chestnut products; and frozen foods
 in hundreds of varieties. The Company operates through indirect Chinese and European subsidiaries. The products are sold in domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan
 Korea and Europe.


    




        
          

        
          
            

 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











Preferred Stock
 Par Value Per Share
        
        


Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized
5
000
000
5
000
000


Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued
        
        


Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
        


Common Stock
 Par Value Per Share
        
        


Common Stock
 Shares Authorized
200
000
000
200
000
000


Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued
34
916
714
34
916
714


Common Stock
 Shares
 Outstanding
34
616
714
34
616
714




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

 2014 and 2013:






              
              
              
              


                  
                

              
              


                  
                

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                


                Interest rate at
                5.55% per annum due 3/24/2015

              

                1
629
062

              
              

                &#160;
                -

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                


                Interest rate at EURIBOR +
                1.7% per annum due within
                3
                months

              

                972
527

              
              

                -

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                


                Interest rate at EURIBOR +
                1.7% per annum due within
                3
                months

              

                1
434
476

              
              

                -

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                


                Interest rate at EURIBOR +
                1.7% per annum due within
                3
                months

              

                705
081

              
              

                -

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                


                Interest rate at EURIBOR +
                1.7% per annum due within
                1
                months

              

                705
081

              
              

                -

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                


                Interest rate at EURIBOR +
                1.7% per annum due within
                1
                months

              

                559
203

              
              

                -

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              
              

                6
005
430

              
              

                &#160;
                -

              


        

 2014 and 2013:


              
              
              
              


                  
                

              
              


                  
                

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                

              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                


                Interest rate at
                4.50% per annum due 3/13/2015

              

                3
500
000

              
              

                &#160;
                -

              


              
              
              
              

                3
500
000

              
              

                &#160;
                -

              



      Under the terms of the Note
 interest on the outstanding Principal Amount accrues at a rate of
      4.5% per annum
 and all accrued but unpaid interest is due and payable on December 31
 2014 and on the last day of each quarter thereafter. If the Note is not converted pursuant to the terms of the Note
 additional interest on the outstanding Principal Amount shall accrue at a rate of
      4.5% per annum and is payable at the maturity of the Note. Unless the Note is otherwise accelerated or converted
 the unpaid Principal Amount of the Note
 together with all accrued but unpaid interest
 is due and payable
 at the election of the Holder
 on September 13
 2014 or March 13
 2015 (&#8220;Maturity Date&#8221;)
 provided
 however
 if Holder fails to notify the Company in writing by August 13
 2014 that it elects the maturity date of September 13
 2014
 then the Maturity Date will be extended to March 13
 2015. The Company did not receive the notification from the Holder to elect the maturity date of December 31
 2014; therefore
 the maturity date will be March 13
 2015.
    

      In addition
 under the terms of the Note
 at any time commencing on or after September 13
 2014 and before March 13
 2015
 the Holder
 at Holder&#8217;s option and upon five (5) days prior written notice to the Company
 may convert in whole or in part the outstanding Principal Amount into a number of shares of Common Stock of the Company (&#8220;Common Stock&#8221;) on a per share conversion price of $1.15
      per share
 as may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Note (&#8220;Conversion Price&#8221;); provided
 however
 the Company will not effect any conversion of the Note
 and the Holder will not have the right to convert any portion of the Note
 to the extent (but only to the extent) that the Holder would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below)
 which beneficial ownership will be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The &#8220;Beneficial Ownership Limitation&#8221; is
      9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note.
    

 the Company&#8217;s chief executive officer and chairman.




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
$ 78
128
        


        
95
114
        


        
11
339
        


        
78
128
        


        
95
114
        


        
11
339
        


        
78
128
        


        
95
114
        


        
11
339
        


        
78
128
        


        
95
114
        


        
11
339
        


        
78
128
        


        
95
114
        


        
11
339
        


        
78
128
        


        
95
114
        


        
11
339
        


        
78
128
        


        
95
114
        


        
11
339
        


        
78
128
        


        
95
114
        


        
11
339
        


        
85
773
        


        
102
527
        


        
12
097
        


        
89
289
        


        
105
683
        


        
12
757
        


        
89
289
        


        
105
683
        


        
12
757
        


        
89
289
        


        
105
683
        


        
12
757
        


        
89
289
        


        
105
683
        


        
12
757
        


        
89
289
        


        
105
683
        


        
12
757
        


        
89
289
        


        
105
683
        


        
12
757
        


        
89
289
        


        
105
683
        


        
12
757
        


        
89
289
        


        
105
683
        


        
12
757
        


        
89
289
        


        
105
683
        


        
12
757
        


        
42
261
        


        
50
322
        


        
5
530
        


        
1
556
659
        


        
1
864
908
        


        
223
152
        


        
        
78
128


        
        
95
114


        
        
11
339


        
        
78
128


        
        
95
114


        
        
11
339


        
        
78
128


        
        
95
114


        
        
11
339


        
        
78
128


        
        
95
114


        
        
11
339


        
        
78
128


        
        
95
114


        
        
11
339


        
        
78
128


        
        
95
114


        
        
11
339


        
        
78
128


        
        
95
114


        
        
11
339


        
        
78
128


        
        
95
114


        
        
11
339


        
        
78
128


        
        
95
114


        
        
11
339


        
        
85
773


        
        
102
527


        
        
12
097


        
        
89
289


        
        
105
683


        
        
12
757


        
        
89
289


        
        
105
683


        
        
12
757


        
        
89
289


        
        
105
683


        
        
12
757


        
        
89
289


        
        
105
683


        
        
12
757


        
        
89
289


        
        
105
683


        
        
12
757


        
        
89
289


        
        
105
683


        
        
12
757


        
        
89
289


        
        
105
683


        
        
12
757


        
        
89
289


        
        
105
683


        
        
12
757


        
        
89
289


        
        
105
683


        
        
12
757


        
        
42
261


        
        
50
322


        
        
5
530


        
        
1
634
787


        
        
1
960
022


        
        
$ 234
491




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
34
916
714
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 23
103
163


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        
        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

 2014 and 2013:






              
              
              


                  
                

              
              


                  
                

              


              
              
              

                1
664
596

              
              

                592
341

              


              
              
              

                996
629

              
              

                2
572
663

              


              
              
              

                442
382

              
              

                6
344

              


              
              
              

                55
872

              
              

                73
768

              


              
              
              

                1
478

              
              

                1
485

              


              
              
              

                158
194

              
              

                158
921

              


              
              
              

                53
400

              
              

                64
062

              


              
              
              

                -

              
              

                271

              


              
              
              

                947
919

              
              

                952
278

              


              
              
              

                4
320
470

              
              

                4
422
133

              

        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
13
092
432


        
        


        
        


        
16
290
625


        
16
365
541


        
        


        
        


        
16
290
624


        
16
365
541


        
32
581
249


        
$ 45
823
514




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001062993-15-001971-xbrl.zip





M1E-XKGDT98
+D_9[``7^\'\5W!SIY,?
;N7ESP
M_/!K17'^^I8FS\6?5LH_DJPT=EWW('L[+^HGD:%CNPI+7N*Y[L0OJQF*XH-_

^QQ5=9]0D;[-]%#P?P`K[%1@_A'L'/1*(M_3%C(IUD+\L
(?
M8)T7GY-(X[6B=`_@[1[H@*:]XTUPF&2RNF)#+6N2PW0ZAKZ0^*!77'#9
QH/


:4RT@L`

25$8TB!A.8E92LZ



9
M-^6LB9KRBC@#;\OJ$=2!LT;Z\
(

NGCX79+
171SWF3#*
MMVOSUR:&0KO/N)/7Z)WY#5Q1SIS5]1J4J+5+\]P0:M),ZTFJK5:?W$Q.VN





LP[(6P*I(*0-5+2S30#8V;%
&5.;+

$RW60CIK2/@T?0!808(%@NFD$M@P'6P)AL6II
MHM7
\JZ+=)



5/#M%=.O4P#0P&-1F=+D12=)19^^+Z*:#=;-H

UH'491Q`IM/+`&)2\+*XAS7FY;H.DXZ+P3,@2#1ZTDI`U4M

+`/J*(+`/9X




3D
P:5CKWH4!1+=4=3D

M\
OJ)5P$_


M.V8=@*

M=.((P^IZVFHP2N@1


G8
YLXMCB/VQ31
M(@NH7.5


MK@IT$K)S'
6O#JH[<6(VH%<'L^IO*OCB(^DSX!
MM9P-NE&8?&3#*)Y-1F8KEY?GYL#I*]:23[E\9NE]Y%7L2^S:.+8!@XVX;WJ+



$XF@
K-O&\2IUL55
M%
)-)YCF&8IKCL0Y8'Z393.E-U!_\:^)#(#1)_)!@YIOL[N.<C?*
]V
MZWAY.UL+
)MBHU-'Z
[`211#&PX8\[)Y[0VN;N!GW12VN-9#4`M9B:0;@Q4*

H

[;)ZT1

MM!J([85I(1.3ZK8OA[C&+\P-]T;][![&F]N=6J=U!(PFV%1HD1J+#C*F#B

MC54X\4

M.PUA/$_&;4(@AF6#X2O&@2*]#F`D(C[K_TJVZA3!J;%B4/ZE\H[Z7O:3GY
M1?



MM#BRMCWTNCR\C2P1LT1=-V?J%Z36VUJK-^:6[53Y!,47Q7YBW]NM]%!6O?

MZH4MMA\'B.[:WV:A







MG0;L_5[^16\0!5%\J-T&=/#UK38$$+W$_XL=:AB-T[?:HE1`QPD\GO]K5G9(

M3X8_%I_
GGG:`PU@M'J_ET;CY^_-XM?STK?\(=[G_SRX7:WL(/7**)35--9F


ZU_='/Z^^G-Z:?K
NYG_(]K

+O:W0IS8:Z_.'/]*?LNK\
M;U-E





88W[]F7
N0%#
11=Q85:-[BH%




FDU181-6F5.Y\!(R3LTBH72

0LR)YFH?%;R`\@+R)&1W`H;@/LW0LL
M
5L?&8E'?.DZMC

\$P`I*7GK4(MR4AAE)J


$%+M4*_\JJ4#\:K%83*X16.O

MQIG;M\OP@Q7:


1UN5%6*XU2\M:1
M:1+9#O&X41A2
MDH:^0`W

M=+R+BLP^-K`/DT&

#E%N`K8L5Y

M`=8W._DE.$E/&!DZ/&'IJHN;+W_\I72'8
+;$Q^

M!(
`RA#T':ACT@\/&!5&
D^Z-PZE)



^7GOA;P#^J8W



KOP`%DYQJERK)3_
'W_^^;'^]/%&NOI]_/=Q.F5CR
M
7DFNE6$MVZ(^^U$&_[BN0*RE=2[FH*W2L6)-5T8_M#IT1YF)/%6+3*=;I]9
M?LH.1X:O=






M=Q7#QJ2\T
Q6RAK+]\%[D%&O-DQ8GPT%S4)P,;!=+C7W+U,H@8XC


M=
M&H#Y78E0Q(;Z8DY9*&/3C+0@U9KE62?
1ED8!!:
M%M5*!#$AS*PED1<`%ZH[J@V=MW?S8E:<@7FU-BZ]\$ID!&A8QF58KLM4IQK7
MFRPORC;\,!\==)%#;(I919
Y-65JG_%JOC

*$\)CJ


29M.+ME7'\7UG%+OO6RDXN$^7:AH^
M@829NOKXWY_8OY\6GY/EO:
U9+N$]T)5^)S2.RWG?;&6)KV6@N_S4V3BQKL!
MOV#XIMQ*OIT

)D

EF*BGM









M@7:EK






N:PE1@==L

F\W-`^C&1A


!1A0]=#IF/S&UL$[<^]`

5P6B&;`05/
\!A18DZ-EP*2=I=(XD%

M7B1N7!:@9R(R
+@&-@$

H3-[C1Z

M'*]DRSYI@HX612';IW%=DWFB*&2C8#D8#@Y:8FQ3E47'=9RI1]8%FCAH`TYL


D]$&J




MKA^FLO0
VX11_[$Q^S

.


MAE



!4-UNG0A+N
'1/12]LQ`4RTRP.4`@OHS%!X!@OJ)O99=(2NJ\_#

M@#1R>0GGM8Q




M[W2%LDF\S:7W-M])V@`7G#Z+4X[M05RE^:[!I9O
JC=0WD7TOHKD+_3N$'NS
MSE)
AW=C`.U%^M=V\06EO0X''!7EP0!G*4P@R(CD=Q*CKR+Y[_T^[I!OB=:K


1*#
M






M(]



MD6(=
SL&!=H8S&'^&FNJ27OQ1G=H@T(9S*((


MB8`4`DD1YI63-&'U/\FN/@LE1:DRP(UU/6(
1!$:2BT&N[`0[T;6

M7G&IA(U&GX+JU.PW?=H1T^2T5M0I9]_A+`

MP

<9PT(/8<RRS1]GJJ;V@



M/.E8`!

AL+[R^]7-X1^L:]6QRSHSX?/TZ0J9MB/YJVAO/G6?F@1KQK&
M&_0AI1N0^




9IJE(J%AL@
MK6\.E0&RJ\TRV.JA,8V+=^L5/V-R1=J1-=U'8^E9W4HP90:[R,_X)`3:L&,
M(FH`IRB-@10..I!RP+:.A2MA5PV`F]BO*:74F/E6^X^.&%'



39LH$

MP11OA%(

U
9!43WB0K!P4QY7*%
W
M5
]A1BKU$W4'QD)WAE7]1X_1;!M2C:_9
W7JL&_VPPX@SR!A'@\(LVJ__'U3






9X&1G
MK`D)R[^ZNHV%\M26A



MML_O2K9(;6T:51P4$E.WHM1^/M0EB!K?L
X_R6K/'LH1-]9_8E-^A3N$-I







MHRK2YD_^$:HM!BZVBU!AN3*%!_=9

Y/$&:7]B[G24@X#0:&M01F_W@#Y'O
MX*R%`Q3&N'_/3-/`0&3W,V(V(MQ&`<%@CDQ/6GE

MTA(6QIY^5V)4#1VH'MF=Y[('!%8:!31#+L.#K)\,&D40P-G$8%@?%G8)3+




M'!N3NY6(X02$`MA+D\^_A_19*O[UY:H5?=/^^B.M:J@5)@

M8$:3IUPZ!44K-1)#6E













#)C/`

MXW:'

2QC^%
C*(!S7'.`PYP#0\3#

MBS$904XZN22


MME)H:Z2H




U


/]UD%L8[VTL/5_0QR%[)F41E^98IN'DPK**G%%5&]B]3PP
M0BPG/^P-$,JM(#`;ZP6+V\8QAQD)\;8+)!PZES$&7'Y-];-WAYF98<-6M/$
M6OS686[$@E2

N`GE8J@Z3+JI`


H([8['+NU-T+_;^`ZDS&[.5/+L2`2.D


`:8$*#F)1!TV)(=/4C
S`
!P1*UND

%UAZ:!C=D8![$Q5R`3
M/)!B2BMHBW'%BI_CJI&TI6F$?1FL&4


M-F)[EYJ%JB%.X*L5_BZ-
E[HIZ2@R'<-/<PT2$.1



\

M]F1__RJA*@'5.NN9G8`+T#/&KKYA^VI0M$'='4`5
Q=9&\9802;H(D!.N.:@




!)1


MC!)N\K`U1E?6C5F%`DJSP*\GBX4P#WPYD_+%P]4\-=%C7
KD.!8BP`&0A












0=/52:K]Z?#:R9OVT3KZ%P!(&P

;-Z`HCN6S#7*S9^IN.#([LE52!F'Q
K7`U+.LQ+X?A=3VNB%P
M\;$4\6V:F'T6[4_UJ]$1H&)!Y1CLTK?=2X]F3!OEA3A+5692I-1V!)WM





MI=V)9VS+?9_U&B(676U


MGM**Q36824#



MWC$4J/6&W*AX*=OA\*O2
O51O@6X-!D@?!NB2%K96/91R`4#DQ)\JY$_3.

M\2(([


%L(-?T&
9^V=P
M[?XW'XD=FX+GX]2*N_D

M%`12'=^`;+Z[?7W9R[^^1*HB/J7^V


2+NT@Y.Q^Z+



]_]_7'




M
69()6_B$@*MZ^#H;QI`%JJT@%II=#&H4R!ETQO2?`UG3KK*=&@0^R1!));:


\XTN^
07'L



?/=JI035F





3+:A





3^6?ZF\?E7VF[CI[579
M!X'9F

MFFN

M!
FGJRRG66IAQEH&-+`8,?4]#DZ)L8#*1D5


.E1[M]C_:?_'NTARNB

I630IM5QU
0K1H@M\`5ZNMOSE`
'



MDS18TS4J=025.Z
*=)8J

M?U

$F*\2[LG0

I@0;?3985E^#M*W&80!GT/T1`DBQT^E/E7

M1

*W1=D
?_(8*P9'$OMXYFAG'Y)[XVZ$*`
MVOJC=/NW+YSO\R^<&3UA_V?9H4LDJ+=$)?&=I:B@J6^AG02)&-%.W#Q@5TS


690O\WXVWCP%(+1R5TTQ##HC

M+4$-TC1(9G6






MY$^=/3;-X=%@8W&#+BE&D`;K&@:[8*A;_?E5GY0A\1]RMOV/
PLN1[M/GQEH
M\.XOI%J2W3H-M0Y9GZ@N*-EU-9[4^!(\A4T







O



MT63$5@*_2G]NE3T7;S%?:J(D!Y$#1&5Z/M5)!Q22V9RDE[1TLA/2
2OB/*3B





M=]C\6





MXB=LS&[:U!_4

+
N`3\KOK?V#/^#1E8+2TBUC?GO3






B[`DE+)*J@EMY;!SB
M:`1B&;05B#-GXE
+;[Q?;^*&[?#AX::#8TQ

M@#0&&26).C[H)
PXZ2%0V##9
\`!9&D@
=@QCP0@7US
JB1.4J=3TM*@\6C&

7)HD:0!FQQ/7
MF^C


%9QL0;C]EQMLTZ
M;#

MZ\M5*_JF_?5'6L)^*SYB]CC*R(N-/FL%XQD\Y=(I*%JID9B1EF*4S)^8`*9U



46_TU2F86E!8LZ-@#

X'H

MD(\*LMV:].+%
UW=Z@9U
31Z-$9:O'W6%YS0A0(&W71O=6MB?.]'
J$

M'5]ERF-I%#.KT\


MD542O*$DA-4DA&D

MG+$IT_
5$_SSU8SFR&'OP['.LUPC2$A0`Q;)DV47;I!4/&R](X7A^;BF%B:
M]D?1]TB0P16$LZJC1$?BYNST;D)$L
R204K(H'+T#)*?QUAX:L^C[0;B#I&

QM!(;Q.NXY@#G
@:&B8=%GXL@L*=@^4O7




MS^DKB#M)L2\.U%NBEC2RB
^#IRTOCE2E@U+7Z7-KV!S+9@3S8*;;+1[I/8





?JE




*.PQ&4!3%S0`5%^%+6/7-[2)M4
MAC*+M9;L83Y`WR2)$[:!Z@:V(AF'G8F'01!29YT@%%X`-;B4
;.@4
M54*B?

5;]+Y!W


MMH%[F(C.@#KZ`C?Q9X5X#D`+'2$/2Z=#G\R'?QD66FTXR@C]%M[\5M[(_0A
M!ZXS&;.;,^4=RRA0X7`@QJW


M&?

[8@0!@A@;9M)K8<E</
Q!2DW
KT(H^3UDSH%




B
98
M_(:PF)X9;$*1BF&%17@+9
5841/C1CJB(U=ZH^AACB!KU;XNS1&8[RXD`7,
MRF_WB$.7HZ+TO-/2$&1[QIZF!V0AB(='0X[7
0SZWP-%.V8+V!Z9%;2SAK)


:T?

/'[\3'/P^.X0-^1\F7!SIZ80E98.UZ]*M]^G`&3_%^V?S-Z%*U
M6I5N


M*SB5D2KCC:`4R#-19'=DE
*9$9TBOK;I[^_!U?PMHRIWF_$UR\@??2]]2N\
MS'^B?^19^&S^9-;I5+E3FTOKR


#&EH-


M0-
G#];01:<GB<`[I)`SL3FD&5













SDRSV3#@N'?A
-JGH[
(_O[N$)^&I


XG$/?Z3!G@FPIK8V'OJ



MUKO!3T]MZSX#YR
C]EJ`.PO4T$E

MHA3(



!C+)LTM]LS2

4KMB0T5+1I)7+E2I_7ENU@DQ8[NBXW7HZ
M&]&YLPWWSU*15I5J\42=W-R`?#D



MSQ@[G@EGQL61C!$M:/;=S0;UL.QZ09]QXO[P-H6FP(83!;$Z7\X8,]R]&R

&3YKKX


MH$I
RR8H=WZ[A9^]F\S]GR2D[9O]HR_*_N'A][\OVRWEYLOAEZ^W^P?G7Q86
M

0B?F
DTW%\WQFMH!JX.EU;
M)VX5W

D#0G
M^$$K?2YKGU'VT
/I&-
&9BH/;@C1$D#9K5U(+)?7P_*;Z.LM.%X005OGS\Z`
%YJ7)*B:[],W9P
MW[*<*8V$QY'9/6?2\?L3*V++5X(86@'WV^.OMSL'7QOM[]?_*G\'Y;KJ&CC

M1E`E0$E:.!V]I_2

\@0'?=Q;!CW=_VZ)9A,\)
MK`-C8-HV;N%U=`L%UV;V\MKV@W!FO6KKI351K.Q-6=&)%7.3UMG_K1-9')&

:*.-$#TUKOK+Z[:&J-P3U*O6F6G]U@'D[RBH[







XP
;./VQ


5+!/@PXD&4'-


-QUVE\$P#-#0H:([X6`29
T9.W
O.]3EK(#5ZZG$8
MAIHF24`95KA221K8;\!




M8KY5837N

MM(_HJK



M!FU_!


/TX'5J4_&!9V

7


PBF:*#E++WG
-G


739K(PRW:(S^B_=VF*R/XT5*U15BL-
MH<Q;^7K/U6UUFRHQ=(FP8#W\3[8P2UFU;Q]SS69=J.O_#W\UO;&CNO3_`]5



MO06


MNR/*^'(-EO1U.#1M79G4PRD0=8:`B[LZ#:](J2N8%9.`#@C:[QKS^P#B:6
MC\LR88D&(\_XM)D1O`AEXIL6(!`(RQO&UHWW!L)TV$7AFR6R
^$1_8G/*

`
MLNO



M+.'#(A;&53I+B7WX?+V'%

O41VR$9
@E)N-+]:+\Y#SPF94
MC*G26*(02\+=EH8(D0HOL&6





DY`-[\^O(@]0-&!/2R37FLWFLB67#VIA
1Z$-0(4D;

V4D1$`=B`;05JFR-Q/:'


NQY^'H9


M#V5FB*.)C;49P%9


^0(CO\593%KXI][*4Q*K'5K




KL<
A_#7BS@654K%:X2(7EX'EA0:2L#0NY
0^/SR9




#=;^?4O/.IU?-^W+F[QIER7




#5ZL3T

MZ]#=?BOIT02!]/*JZ
%K8P)I%22QO([79(
-L.Y].FH/#UN'/W]RK]AO@&E9

MFX


MD')8_^/P&G%)YP\/W;
!_QI\#50BR
(-E[\






MM*&DS8B3MHX?32V7JFJE5-LV?CAQBQA)KR_RTSEX*^()78[%$N62VJQL2E2[


L6MT3=TW'?N]I..'
Z4(KLZ[-YIY*U?FZ=EL(DUM5S;5++QPZK8OS3HXX<E\K

M%;59UH3!J=@
O


<)T]<3V


M&\K(\(=.#Z#&XQ=IS?ILGMB.YK1R'#A(99R/P%LFCY.:^L8\/(**)E#_4'
M`\]
%N_AC70K\7-Z'PNH#MY




3S'L'CQI==

;

PD$ZEJ]6/CWQECC

N-B0ZC<


M/A

MP-L\OW7X7&\$.I[R\^BN*WLBO*8?@CA^3XYWB22^\L[5HNVRO8/'LZ*O`3?)
MOBIU64QDI/8PR!@7XK'!]GL5Y#;@EM:?($



/3NZO9&9WF
MC1&MVR5Z[4&5\2D`<X=.T=MH

]PX



X=%-I]VY!`G614&&EW*7
%JI

MW5

M(
MP\]?
\/]T]G#VZ


E\ALPPV
M=\P

&\1:NYX\6=
WM^?

M[(14DQ&\G!!R9HV';!NK._MQ_A
/\2:32K-8KU4U#MA(`983&KI7)+KQZ$'[
M\H[1G

CF7LT]R`E`;Q'[KA^PL)9YC

M?C`S!!G=

MU7T:K
*59:;CJ3/B$=%0E*SN.D@V1UGN345



Z


M'?3&1M?LFS@
9N*2Y4&Y3;`H5?%G8[.K6]8L7

\
W?4*RG[
8E&
Q[%A









M1+59:7+AAV50N2'A?#:\[-OX\?'.XZ\CJ@VMT5QJX
H!4FY:PN^
J4=WZ^S!


ZX]'P0`L.=+BW`2\5:[5FF8](

C1T3RL7J^7J4OMOCB#SPL@9G27^&^+Y&S!0




M*]2+O[U6U
3NV)L8@$9_:-K/7VR
TI^?WH




MJ)S
/]OSCZXN3:L/9EHUJFJMI/%?AC2M=E'X;&9:!6956W=M8]*3@D9:5
G%







8\(1^]0HIO1T
Q-D9:C

M:^H6M3`Y=$8CP^WB5V8;]=D




*IJ))FUTV(RN=26=H0.VQ#





MC^[P;S^_*BHG7;IZH7&HD=7^ERJ28_N`RE%7K@LJ95J16V4A1JD(JJ<V:'H
M;XH

MXL(P'

G=5'.L2:UC@R8RO7G5H=]

MI$KV
J3Y60Y)RH.!(`M-I?G`WWSX.+V

M1
J[




8=)=8^CE[9(1^L7EB:+%/[K(DV6B9WCH;`6-'4




%=%[YVQ;0TKO


MYU@32+]D$]GY.&&[C[[^_.B8G7;*:H7EK.7F9ZTD!U-](*TH!U/)L.YF0J19
M31E/(R=+Y

MYS+S1BBU)/#ZA59`


M+=8WV4?9%6N`%T8;6D



NF&;W'G[?H=$1R[4Y;INV/G$\4W=
M5EJZ;9GWINXHAZ[1

NU-\?8IAC38;;N
M@RNF6TK;G8`Z.W0*JG+N]PK2.1-0(PF\?J%UCW3.I'.6%ZR)JFUVR#FK%8II
M4X1%*W'(G?\A
%9D

M'R;]L+Q@352]LD-^6+U02O/#JM(/RX$.W$T_;(N


PGF
MQYQ








MCF4D'3&5_*S*9YKA6I&N@VC*;

G)LL







M!*SYET+.
E

M
_%\LS^+




AV:W:&BNX;2
M

M?)FX#MX

MOF([ON+``]VIZ1GP\)[9C8/1

M
I9^6*!W.9Z_QW=]AX?T%GQE#!B`]^)A^-1R[`'#1L_H^+!FVS




MA7!0M6)#;=0RF-8IE*&P6\Z[@!9#YBD];]Z9DP-%)#IRHR[7=E9=HV?ZRO[`




M.ZW0Q7



M./GV==X#R0V(2.__T\\?8&NC[^LX4S0]IPZ9'1@7\?_0/+Z=[]!W'QO[IE

M
+/%S.LDV.ZBOBPVZE
41YK7R)'%WVZ6/O_P-[W_%][P1C=Y$Z7OPF)6TLX6
M=


M2$MW@?:VC421I

&SCF8@V_@B9)64;7*.H*$N]C8*A[6D0([
MPO/K6QQO:P
BI4$6RG

QODD)(



1

!E:SNC`_Q_QR\WIT:^K_MF/H;B\L@PK[_@SG?UQ#(<ZMX,12J\+H
H=(FK
M9'T&\`RT

M


MLUD`E2$BZHB;?




6T.5$VE5E.U
MZM:]01D]SJ

MT


MN6G/S






34;LC_



M#(C6IT)Z
M*

0=+DFM%QK+&Z7%79ZO*





M[Z2BEKD2

K+Y43TG




^RJ_(_ISZ+G*0N



^3IA`J:QWS+:/1T7)G16(JMQI`[D%)YR7?FF!G

;#^L)7\&I!R


^


TK2@A0



6*KK+5F?4ST
M1U/GL%TN]]


M
!;^3BU&;)6U27%BT
;_2G=-3W:%W1F%D%-



#OS[

#4]HVN.=,O[]Z?RI_\4\5:^7\_
M9P`J/QQTW6_GQ^/6P!N



M/O1ON--'I5;3JIQ


D!NV8FJ()Y





D;BNO]WV-DY\S3A^M0PN






M.2:5`:Y)0O\`0?1`E[:F/[F';9E+SBFQ+!UDOLPSM/'
U*/


EXQR
=9
[5

/

MD^=!Y[A'T'='Y_??
J95(@Y
M]HUK'7N'EUW$-5#A_8;E+RL8I<FIC=XBL!RSV[&O9/I[?'C$YWAGL7.5;<L






.&]W&5R.^5A7@\
KH[$$+<<-H/'33[SI#QI$





M/3@

M0N?XIH/




MQOF_2]!R9)Z3J^X1'?R!*?EW`U&G;BT#RC$@:



\5T04D9`




L!=4!

A!UU[&510U(:$HA#RN
MW21!5&

MY7R.RV'2IE_0C7F)']PN_`Z_O=Y.F]4&]C5*8K$@EO.XMJ_ZDHSQ+:N[3WCX

U0TS91D6=7'F^^V*0W7WVUG



N82CJ+OK.V8JFCRQ_


QS`^75S?(FQL&AN


X_N4O
;R')+L1W&DAR%D9S=:^)YB?N#





M?;\P973++O/4
D_M%#PU_KR4]_#\3P&]1RFS5'+6PYAY%J*O1QYJ=E?MI)




J\L\\HRKRR-BN25];ZS5QC)IG

(/G))0J
M/0[9GCZ^G@(BF`*R


`


L03F3G@
;S56@MY

2-].E;'=!

0^42DS01=;DU@9SWX'[RR&
6


M1/S.QW=-?ZMVVEKEGDP
$+_7N4


)9U%
MWUE;L=31Y7;-
:WN\:S)P!N&OBT(6#W[IW]<#QW[K</+F#E\KHC_P;-
M]9+F_\YM1QTM-\B%'K@'SJEDC57]0M4GX+ISZ3.2G;%4_^YTKIH]IO70Z?U^

LPD^(
MDJ
]\Y4\8$Q7(-B







AG-A1

MOV1V\:FD+V$S]`$+:CM(5B0HXK?JCF9)]4




-


?I\1


7



9I(PI\X\Z!F.I*7
M,A#!')-^4!3$M9483H.=CG*+/!!62Z=QD$Z



P+

_.N_X3^MPKT6B:ZJ//7[]HB-T
M`LP#R







#US5I&@=UF:EUOD\
G0V/&38D;0*I$38OHG(*59::<+7[K4
MMGLB=.Z2X'WC!V\[#[/)_4%'?^R9_@Q/#2H:N@

-2[D$O!T1.S@?
MB2:R_2];[^`[\N;MU%;2PMK?:2:#V!;X\OKP_H[OZCV\=^IG)2S
1:-!W
RLD`
MY#Z#&W2^W6_/7A_'V/,<\3E.S.7P0^1#.RD+:6=@O<T[GK-Y[8C7]
OHWS)
M)@+0Z+;7

MDP&JV^Y
^\MV7]?J]'/5+K5D[$2[W1K9K5K]YFF&EYGR;J;(/(\?E5VBB:!R




&)\QDZ8FR(/!0RF%-]
M&\'CF?4

][;]UGGJ3IKV
M(C6\M4LT$50F4W0&'HX;([
/[YG$U/_)L90_]42`:KTVT77S&OUY6]Y68Z:C
M3X*U_*@F
X_
^[H]JK[*PQGV-/
%OBSFR_C#8+LTDU'N0*P-Q\L.NDEN]RUT

M



JOH$9'Y;M1U%9HP1XTP4T(2F&0O`
MLHQDPW-KQF=$GF4@\S.2+L
#\2+.(_ZX_&A[;F#]#)J;Z98WVYGTY0K*G:D5


MFW[?&D\V3/@I%P4V+Q23&G)B3CX-V

M3
.P5%BW^0KJ9--2;06C69U%I3
'^)L[P


NQ)X!




YWE?0)\]D$)LLR#Y0;)DZIE2JQ_6HV)XP&+N3IT9IX$S)S3

/G##D*AU[M5F!Y;@\FQ

YY(E`7_$C4(`Q\*2&5.RG.7Z

''VVQ'!H


!2P
:N75&)O

[9+&=(8/[B?0
M*!'9/
;R@5F*<G:`&/P78DXT=
MDHL5)AIO6Y/RMRX#O0R#:K!,F+V.L$$SFV74M6HW='36F#NV(^DP.L:T+%4?
MJJ:D,;^FQEQW&&DXM.:`@D<NK:`



M^V'






!KJ)
M8_Q8#)'
$4OA)X]8HIL$GRT0Q`UA1HW//RZ%


M1)B'Y4#BUH;SBIW;5G=N



X!;G#AO+_KLE+'@(NVJF`RH6HQ&XV4PQ

MR


F'L2?




MQ.WN+3*[6XD[?JQPLD!


M8](W;X[\
&#NNR1;
FVU9A8=7VLF^?&6+\Q3+W1LW4=/<3?

/Q?K






GGR3+;-7MK7=XTABW37C.()

UV#











]PZ]?UQPFX8F0SJ2RU?_2A$X+]\\GK

MESO\FUTCKW9F`W`0U$Q.35


&M_:EHO23^3C

O14(YR1#P4Y]O6_=#Z&2IEZ:WYI0%W
MM+YF&PL#/M&ZN@/579`T_?EA!]%3.!==RE9SEI:$XH-#`&F$EB3CXH9+PI

M`0K--2PS=MXDJ\BB*N_1D/()0SJ#3PWMT:OR)NJ[^9-;$B[2L`IH_:-R(ODT




*&O263Q-W@[Q6U10Y)8OH#E25

M
CH22^^1YP^3-V)JNQ9)&XF]3^P]R`0_.TCN+E]7$_M*P/P%U$OTC$.ZSZ.
M





M[_UK^WDR[)&%41P



MVK50.BLT_-E:
#8




FH(16J0.[4I#I=+%GF!J:5(_UOC4D1Z
*FOD







HJ!9SH[/C6U\//?:EGNL+9/[7?A=N:
M(%__MS.T=:WM






M
[!LMZMU=2Q^6*2T@34R72SJ6M



MN*3G_[/W[
^)(MW^*]34WJK9NDSP^?,?ELU,9-D$DU,](NI_#*%@,H-`N&A
M,7_]/=WX!B-MX(A53NKT':?/N]S^G0WX@?'


ME#O0Q1_H[`Y5Q5=]?/UINYJLHXT(7_F_OTI__XU9`;4$XGCJ;`2?2Y49YZUR
M*_-U:Z]_PR]-3P=-A=

MGK!
W55.B$4$GZWX


'T


XRM]0I?G#E.9*4OF$*8][#N&W&%J

M
:N':W54)/P*MD.%:-!Q/!O=MI2'@T=F
C*




M=Z=)AFPR3=-VO3[8#T5E;M4^^(AFOEGMV*Q&AO&5/OG+8(:1^?7?A]]G=P^



M()38JD`]&TLV5/L4A$E_]C

E=EB[IIHK@

79ZA=&465M*.D.:)\O_W(G7+'(<_^<[@%X6EAJ/M71Q^MVY^K.
M4?/DV18\AQE&4G<EW_Y2KD(;$X#20'8:2&I?V-U^I/W\8.C`SU(8ZA8$FAA






+^*:?
MKYJ]UBT:[Z9#7'OS7*E$Q14(`YYJ9'SE/H'[

E:@8LU6X

MGCP_&

M]
EWQM6&JL


.
M3%U1;2=*#+





D=[4GW

W:
M]-'NM$[?


%.6-
V6-

M+9O#(73KN$A-33L?2J`!%0!61EM8X9




D%

M9DCH20/J+0LG'@_FZB%U`+@$*?1?J+:-.=J9JH+9S!U+UUS
Z%/MXC]QIN/Y




M8'ME:I
V[




7A;CSR=A[(XH0D%CK()OO
$T5DW

G&M:7R\B#*N&
M


2$_N4*QC[
M.81&
CA+==
&1@2LV);I4W;6!.?A[=/E7ZTNW3`/*DK%:KKF?\7EV9MGI&BC
MU;+X
*=VUGAU48=?6]01T[2H4PU=D8FTEV:I(85S7



29

;2'4X


M#GC^5
!W0NU#X?ZR266Q::Y;SX&7F1\TWI;IJ)''AK:]^11D\C+Q+US@J9

CQ;?5MZ6=^-NJV0AH^TC&
MZO!T/W8QWU:%EIS2H95GAZ!VG`JS%-'IXZHR(MKX\#3:)I$?U8IM%
R-]6$9
M(/J'U6#)B1Y2`99&LI


/;1
OH^FFBHR$IH*LL
M\F6N3`5AH5.@9R3U6P=&-$:^E9%'5U1<EK<%02?GHFL/[XX%W48[;U^.:&!





BOD'D8A0/7^MM7IA<.$F_PSWI&0SR-P
M9_I

A':G=KMTGQLX)8A'#SA+EX$WF]W#L#@3()Z;[/5
)PVP['N


M$P88AR:NR50@\]W*%6@O6]5DIJ


MY/:E[4VF0\ZUQT%\\I'.^1?^=W9Y[+T:P=IOZC]+UFS!S`[/5NJ.#=?T&.
]
M5@D?6XY9ZJ]#GGON^\(XU)O8@U+UI?)\Z2+
G0E?OBHMCDK+L3T8E^QYR0BK


RAGR
_OC&J4SWUM
GSFU;'M]

7C&YY2`O?@83\^#A(O7AA+2!$TM%T&\$<3*MLBT!^%Y;__O(/

3%(9.P6R





0A_:
D

ML\Q4VG'&U&8J!ZOES\R^^:S9R&%`0!0H$B5\



J




5\


5[&W)`70T1(B




MZ8
E1

B:*C(D
R/%^
HJ3'
M<^\MU[;<@<76TUY<HE$FU:6L(E61WM]D^Y/;$HB$1
DO3TG7]B0[U3:\1XL
M=U\!V![ZXWT//%V5YIYCF^FP20K@1'(8D1&5

)O#U)EWT#]').C(B(KB+PM

MW!D3@$K
GIFTJ#_=_
K9GM4M-;1IB(@X'19`VD2A#
=]/8#A6//R^C$D85OS
MRV'']\S%(-#74^O6\CU]Z74MYH+6['NK;;N6/O8MBS7R][P_[#R[:DUX9[WF


9M`YI@1*82QC*%)U@\#NG0


D&];(G47'RLY?T


R
T@)+(M


G)JD!11I3*2-$*MR
Q*9&HLM^#EV$_HS$YL_R)X:Y/26=J&D&J


]J-N3&
+46526XHBP@0CE1R:+9%'$R+*


B=




M'WBE-HU@!88D'P


#B!)1H


U





MEUOFE1GP1OY^#4X)15
(E






M9:J(



MO0_@AB..7]]T

C



M%JFFJ4#DB`(8T$-KA3O
`V?
&OU5'=RPJ$069!AV0(6,VARU
$0XMUR[?.
MPH=G^B6\JX()Q50%6G7$@PUZQCH#1NCR6I]/KC.Z/+K+9P)R?*UR&!@SM]

MSC3/[IC@@2=%0SDH[^$$U1`U/XSL]^_



MSM'[JVMK)


M=\$18'9BN^S&BB!Q)4IGQ[0@$[[Q(.AA)T;+J!/_.I:M]N8KM`)WU@/A4#+[
MJOY3U0?HN?WKJW`:?]]?/MQ=@\[%VW7[BX@9HV^[2`FM\P74H2+GK+'[\L54

1Y(^=UM\AO3L+PL8(VA*MFKH%I!








+T22(3(MB5K%G



QV;+\\%LCV
PN,KE3QL2*#JYDG
0&YFSHM!]T:H7:::5P6CO9'SJ\
MRE$@&W)-EG3(,A!9TH'#$5D7ZIN2;D._]-9BG+S#AD<QV$_,8@Z*.KRJW_G




BI.`?R

M19WO7(0QJ

@PG6;444_ZYWEG('=SERO'Y6]F?N_.QF53KE=N@CW8B;KWA6



ME@3(



7Y_HP0L8+12T`



ME\'M

[&6_$O%PUZ\031!!$8WJL&=ZZ=NG9@S


R






W%%33W0%./-%'V[US:
%^-[M!5CS2D



41]E55
EL8*R
8&@#F'$



$V51F-4PS+]MJ^UT
M+551)5.%EE@,C[N;-F!NMEPME2/\$3%U+`B!ESY/W?HN!ZHN@45LODZ(V'Q\
M++$*)F#!!,]A'(5Y);S77QR`%7:W+)!]#N%/J?M;4BN02RX*'JE$0[+)G9
*D0.9@SI4_\6'J4.RMM!JPAX<KCUH#R1=
M
*.//J<S_&1DU_'-63IQV1DWFCTP0_+%NGFS






M?4@6*D_3C*GUD_1AY
5K08]


:[4=/I*(:8DH_.^;Y
MACL8%

H2G9ALFZUOAZ
6Q%T55]
N#D,)W:%X.G$ZS7_<=*Q^QQL'`(9&*FF=(?F(AIJ)B&)M*]
M'-C(J\7ZG)B(,JE)3$0YT/=YF8CZCS+93`;B\E!2').0;!T:GQ+2<@97!BY
M$5
P
07+(YG$%$Q

V.4WC993/4D<G.LK%@NH#/XTN:`6A5I'_-&);U7BN^'[




&]E(AN/+1'/T'-I
2*#`



M7G':C.M)28J[!GA?:N$)*)X71MR;RS1I?_[X-@/?=J*^=6[2W1\0:W.A*PL^
)='4<4+N%8%7MJ7I2[W--`\8K?:$
M0S52O33)['.EQLV,3@<68I@?<.G1+M-ES^AS70^KV`=V@?SIG40)JZNV)
1
MSS-)8FN8]`8*8AHGIG&'8L-BY-L2$Q
QD1
3N0@3N=!YM$(



\Y9?M$\CZE



5?QM;Y

I
M_P$*E-6AI%DX%\Y?E=-:N5:N_ODCX7:S`N=I


/35%88*%9#
V\1V[6'6!C1DR18@PD&

9H;LT!BMZVL
'AKO`QZ+\WW(7GK[I5G
M#;';5E886-/N.[+6F
-F1#%W\=W[!TZ%PK^YK`!Y;L[(K2'Y?+O1W:LAEW#X


&YWA^U^

6&$G7:R&T`@.^1.9]#=R]?;R^'@.0$0JF=L
1$,C($6)!+'L\TT9P.XY7-?9




?[]\7VS@TD1_)\/+WP*\U^TMM=R
O'=/6G.%+UWT













AWNMU<XL*F?=H$ML.TTM([&*B
*FGSSSW^CJF.N/+&]NU$EDN.155ET)B
M7J*OD2#KSLC.JUE
SR4%^(WES-G$Y_(LJQ]I#8OO?)OI@2YZ$5\3!RU5K.&#

M*1V;R=8$?W0Z)2I2



%M15;GX+&
V^TN]I
M$/_XK$C-*0)R:^=QU!@$-3

M4

M


W`8;)@_YKF^$?1N[


M94.X8;;Z/(FP\QL-32@



MJ&CZL$V3$8*!KU8F==1G0-C]3LR%4WK`6&!L$#8=GMMD[D:7?-\U;F\DX]








M6C:[Z=;[^HR1XXD'Y0U'N4Y8!8\J:8`X%Z@)U05G+MMZ`LB;.PSX=%7\


'_\A1/Y=C0N5FMY69BFGVE;[9=6E2-)A);G[G6#;L
M]Y21VO4W&(L&


39/[R#




<XWBUU(+NHX4F1N1F(T9W0Q`MFF)0'ZA


:79VLZ1`4_7._



`C

!GZZ*
2
M#\H:E_(<,`C,!65-+(<=8&ZH*QE6V]`61/GW05\NBI^H03*VL:`(2DN@!=Y
M7HR!L0`8HRELUNNO7R@KK

MK(GS]@(^716_4`)E;6/`D!07P(L\+T!9`V(`

M\2C/`8/`7%#6!'








9IZ









&#V

MQ$Y&^0GA&GZ[N$RH(PV1AJ=U(R$G%0*WY+0J619`7*U:QI'6WL@[FRTYA%


W8%3^5SUB#
M!





[J;


Z&[2O'?.



M6


MET)1

M#^D5)8FNN^Q8!T5)H@LO/=CE4)3$7IF[=ZR;-5G!



M3^5S[RTE%Q4SBF&7WXURBOELJI1^;W]E
BIF%

67=DF;?T0V^KKYHFO=*8[%+ZV!LE#
FK90.IJI\%-'


MU;E!AP-MA6H;]69/1
6DN2GE6#9+EIL3R



Q#*3P*



6I0&?JM2O/-LG<'8V#3


6H*SW.U4:TWW#YPOWU`$@\U

A<__V_@L+FJ14`Y8;`ID#-]-%JN*J*?_9;FTAHZ31Z*I.O


M14!-H;@I+*+MXJ\D&2-QW9P-5U'0U`%D\IR8O3;?Q2VZN*HQKQ'/6U%05!AL
MBD9]!OYELT^^GE7:^A@HD8$%'4.96UM#QN``?5RJPL@IO9(A]J4Y!6.'(J

M*%5:@#&.IL
QG
AWI'G)I3




M=4&:?6$F`.*CJVV4SPR;MKTOS&
H$($RX3I=-7.I=PFBC]K7&9*)VTC-_PAE\FW^9@\V^




9IQ1^SS23$:

R?YI+
BV
3&$C4F^:17YRY1
M8Z+&))]T83ZI]&9]\)W97@PQFG%'[/-)
1KWN-MZ[/-)
1KWN-MZ//))7#K2

$X($5/R$CDF<J0H1RY5R)WC]T4KH_3V=^2^'&(T`X^S
MO;/(L\`2

TIO
M?U?NRR%&

M)C:6J)&&&I.

:R]8EQ+UV0:W%QZ


MF&Q5*)MPMHNY=.I]%DN9&*R5'O@*AWJVT.GMK9TCF9%;JYPJ!`@-Z@LJ^?

1;
T3=%SL

M%4DQ1

;VK!!WP7PA19D31#T-UO5^FK[X4BRQ6_?OH#R
E3U#:ZN`C5
JCY9-WL45AA@!(1UIC#/K
VZC6M[

EF5)-K




E83Z36+M`?#9O5.1\!'86@

MZW@QGQ!_7%
0U!%FFD)'+5;(_NL:D/-_

C!]#IY`?E9M37+;HX7:RK.)3XB1Q

.ED




X0

M^JPYZ(_&^#`$CL%G8(WA`=@JE;G.-MD#]`ZO@(+10XA5






P0ZK

IEL


M$0Q-7W]F/
U07



M.@W!437SLV9.H=[[$M*3O;X


&Y%.--%09F&%LPUXQ@

H(*TPZ:E!@X=Q0[\#P8
M:&2XC#7!U[4!MN:ZEK-F3
M3X+.X6#`L'YIHP^95Z=3J73Z4.D\#$?[@;7
MW@=H[?!G









C
5%O!X4A3PRP4-F^T3`[1]Q_6%(/A!




_RJ2]]`BF#(*H)@[R%6
M0W.*[N8

Y@$*:.$`;$G1

`.$LBFME\JL05GO;F4`&%?Z5

%W


O6J+Y_W:NMK=I)`A_1[K_X!\0E1W!01
5QK=?P&B3M3Q^<AE=+3Y6Q!

EKD[4P7BV2B\=^
ODLW*X__HC9:;..P

A$D(IUHH2YG9P_/3!\^^)X.79Q?
MO3NS6PAN/ZZ&0Z0GR$XZ44.[Q)TI9/;/?_2K/WU]F=+Y#UNHH3_H&S0[1PA_
MOOJL3N?2=J:(J]'0G4XOWGPZS?E4Y_WBH[^.5OWBCD7=[!WJ&/'6\GHCY69]








MY!5Q5B2RO
'&D@.:H*.

'S&N3OAMI6

MFR+N2HDRDR(+[XE6\^HA00L?H
%X+@4U27%N_=`54WR`JW/E/?`+MQ!C:T12



M.*K$

M)/6223
D(XW$F+HBF-N&H$O\NDURV;RPB!!!,YX+XE?5

MY-2FQ!F9SS.SE(3[I)1YH.UQ9#1Q
S+VR'VKR'VRC\C]=I521*.^A[@7\M^9




M`&%L;BTR
#$T
3(S

M.0$``.5=67






M8S3:ZX

M@

M-QX1ZD+Z87PV'KU.8*)X7LX;,3@R45/XM!5Y.#JRIYB&`IN86@EHNHQO-[


0@R[I:_S]8H?\+

HJGQ^]$*_.84;@!R/[YM(&90

<,CF8?C0CD(
M*M.'V)33#R;Z'0(OR$

2V0E@FHP9-.UR).X*7

&K3LV+]Z
M!F\E0Z*!(L1)16$K2$II-`C9X7
$^Z$YVQ)K)/$+]:&;DE:U%5RG7GJ/N%(]


M:C\=J4-#F_+4MC'SYJ4300
O(\[L\*U3LH@%[1


MG2FQT=B;'0[E%5FO=8:FZXX#G?GBFT%IBB'!A4[G,,+UT5[SN8`N;?XFP0
6=PA7$#&WA+7;(&MX1


M


(\CSS;J@`



MGJ'0=`E%]*F[Q'Y?L$GC[PF0W#-%)CD`_TDOR3M_9F67OVR+W4XIV2+!`J7
MNR\,BE51'!_$(:]59V8K5\Q$;QJQ4'7(W6EJSK)V9&/_+02P\XE$%+)$4X

5)==W)T7'!E-6+JN?UUG+



B?F?&`'VM2LDC=%4J'9T)5-1%1\^@=31C:A_B*YLO

MJJ:WS8'_A+!@LH$#;ZAH=N!5%:T;`DS2D4IV8?6+C8]P$ZY*'A;R[01Y17\.
M=A-)?-I=07)L4*KE+'^AT1;G6P.?B40Q6!TM?&HYK7Z^

;R_7J:)`

M)%V?:BEIN+%JKA%S/

(\S'#7$&7GS#

MEY#4:*MO)!JRU@(`
J;3I=)+OM^WHFNPT\J$D;S2VL6$8/AZ_P-^169:4&OX
M6EKHJK2OV)+O]ZW:&NRTH-S\751=#@XUVNI;Z0U9:V5*#$\5=3L7EC?2_R18





MVXW%R2L1PU&U^[A;:6
#QMAJ\=9)8#N9W

MFKG%C%._J^WHRDT-.^54Y:Q5[=\3[)C6C9WWHF8


T-

3/



``!J?BX`EL;F:`;0X+




^.
-Y]C@@Z;]8X\#^




X;@B#_`5I#0K/
V5ZN<_J&;^U]AQ?OWE4O_NC^CLBS<X)NU6'V[Y/E&?_!-LE`$

'];]HF?\6EOE1:D+K


M*:GGD/A\1?]7ZHHNV;[I+38?S=NPOCE9PFK_F$5M[=]4AM\(_YUVE](FUON:

8WICZ\7K'U63MA!J`^^RB^-MG


M\L2VN%ZMUFXO6)O+WGSLV?[+:\#6V
B(QN^N$OS@MN\2_4#AYA)7%&B]_TBY


M!.UR4RV@9:[S^__Y%JH'*7^)L7FA

R7

]TG??MP/_^X2ZOLVPI


M&=@6OP:AADV:_=*FL=E5;



MYL#'6Z=D3VTBFV6

M#2;(\]94O#SJ-A*W1K*V(*Y*T1NI%[0MEF2*;^#%T2ES=X[9H)'$9PMIM&

MV';&YY/4V]?%ADH;G=@DR?IFH@FR*MQ8XBK*VH'XA
MU[9)*O)I4I)\ND7Y&
M`YQ4O+4??H\2Y+RZ5P4Y%6XZ804Q=R5&=AB0A'\WQJ[U+]\^QY*)OCK0X^L*

M#2B5S25Y6P(?UV]C

M75K1UCJP_?;XR-N&ES3_=3];;/[LFU;@
DA07:!-
W0C?)2/[\L1Y+BT&R^'

M1+]3NG7OJ#[0YAEZ1DJOMK'NV@Z9L5KML4?%?'?SA!=ID^2]+M8*\RK=GC'5



M5[0R0'MDZ(J)UB1V-AD[BU2[57@5`MI%#;\+=R8
.V.$V1/NB/Y
\__XJ@.M



+*

5EYB*0\@=FE&TF:[C:C
MH-DN&3]-DUTKIER(49ZP\.587

$.K))R84SO
MN`7RCOL?/]_-CX_<^?C?LGV1Y]6A-\$?]4&BTG%[Q@&S=Q7EWL;<V]C[FW
MO8VYMQ%AS\_.=E\CF\O#R6_[=R[)2@[\[T(KY_4KKOW@97H1
&*


M;1:;[QIX`
RG9.


M(N.Z1J7;AU


B9;EE3_7
M]YS?/

0U=TAGWNB7_P
M%IDD]@=*MD62BJIWY\^[^4AE+Z[I:=A7\E9?[
NUZQ?LZ=J['))C\37#I[/(



MX;P&D8WR]_Z

GTEZC'81YG[IK(P[^/
M;WS@]Y^0!9`FU+LE[!H#['K.NB8X[)=-[)V93LGN%*J7?35%C6PMA?F#&-
M=)


M\(-/W?(B1:AWLOVCJ+VQ8]/-26LO

M5Z0JQ*()CFUG[-*8#31*P^;C/0;0*!#[0V@
@'_X.;EPAV(P3_)S@^]\Z)2


MP^DWLTO??R6R$W/DPU5H@MF:

S/EVEA


M/U5RIG1?Y=6+3?!C.K7-X&7ZXV#.Q^[
[I+*OKC\6H7:_9&?7@]QWO-3)=O]



M)NCTBM

U3

M):42U8B#FWEPH+

;RM\W$RJ-A%4)^5BF7PW







+L5W]H7'8E6RZ^DLHYNB%?+:/?VK
7
[?X

JW23'_WZ
N7\
MN+3PJ2_TU;



A-W-R

M$

5S&YHQ8N
S-

.;8F9+3/64
U@:Z['KGQ][
M8^OM+NX/TJ?BG7E
C(P-G

D-GZ=[I*=&S^O[\-0(

T/CFV'[B1R+1K\9D.?


L^8\W&R/E/.

=S

I\#
^MD-P*R:V0W`KYTE8(
M3H\4

;


M]

G'P6L7

;CZ6:
M*3!4QC8*+%CFPWMNH.0&2FZ@Y`9*;J`\W2/%CG37-H@=$2\-$C.<*6:7*JE

M_C(EZR4!:N8V3`(9





MJ)@5=%_EE;.

M^


M'R7O_=F%`(E_IF2;)Z\TOYG_CKD5U`^\5Y



M\3+.`R3.]N8!`K(IV5YPI8!VPG

MKR30+!GZ:\IKSU[

M3Z@%X
I#3A\L


U3_$I?GIWNR$_#Z=+IP%


M(([!
A\M

\\YG[&/G*W_[CCK/37N$LYY'BLFTO9W%J-XP]^K
M%/$)^2QB65.RGA]_#







M47JE-DE



8F+4$7/A508V
I4R
MQ=TE8KB

M8T

MIDOR8Z
*T3(V0X6R96[#Y59H;H7F5FANA7YI*S0NM.6''CQI&
O8GT1#5L(_
M4=Q


M^


]EU216`V#**''BBP[B/UV?



MEJ2X7?6`:H#W\@\T+W?;]GKSL6?_F$YM

M_(7VVE^D\
MK[V?@]UXG_L):C+VX
R+W_NS2O(E_IF13)J\TT&Q_RVZ:^V/L


M6^WQ\?;`A+0=0(_)D?5VH


J-+-3[]J[]/O5SD\HR

M:QKE`D9W'
)
MA*880ID1^R9
A4WO)Y2%_#^/G1)GU1N
?$_U.MR#/EQ8CU0H)A5]Q3XF2AU
BPS/0#;&KO4OW^XN9O/`;]DI!`*/`<S:MQ@C7N:#
M?6ZNY.9*;J[DYDINKL#FRDTGGM!82?;B*DB^HWBAHJPND!+2;_3]GTI[\6;

[(%RP5LT=^


@L;@\_RAS:SI\OR<J%Y\F:S
MI5
GB=6TB


,M'E<W:$.K7XFQ8Y=`BM_J4
M739;]$^Q3!^2I4
















B$N

0
P6C.P[!28_;\J42[


YB?(!&JNX
M]D
^!I5NY_H.^J?1MBF/N`(P?*KRP'0G)U?!`!U57`@RZ\2\615JW7W_R)Z%
)*3[-79J&/AX53O=PRI9$1P$&G81A'


MVJCY]/RY(XVE$!#^(F$82'
N1A4+T$_%51F_&!Q'';]:G!4
B?O8^##HU`O!



Z26.E$`T_





LKS-L)0Z-3C0&E.0)YR


M.1




;1G((1M0+44W)E9'4HLPSMDAN4



%)J;





M4



MW^C




M+4!!%5=OZ/^=*GU2V0])NE_?%Z6Q4`2&'\&
!Z8Y%_D*!NBHXHH-#;=&_U:7

M`:*3$@34G)FPH@%ZJKB2
RJ5C=ZIOF+/ZO).6`
X^
-U$=S#D;4E#ONEKS



GLM&*^_#ZNMX^?*!70ZY!
MYT+UR+Z&H9J\IY!9H\Q=IR[^HE0(_!?[C__^.OWO\C/*@5_(.RS+;^^6O@

MI'



R-8





MIY_[DV
G?/$):IF7=L
I4TF;DE=LAU.CXBY*Q6]XJK(II[^G&5%X(J@U?8
MPBM5&[YP52;;L?2(H(/9CXU-Z47UVZL,,C+_`)GH0*U(8B847)=A0](F//
M;0^
WJG*TEWJDM@C4$10ZA
\X96J#5FX*E/15CF5?'-:;_3.P9]'6$.0J-@G
M.

M5AO2\)4F=@)EPYKMWIFP#)?

.\&;*G



PBGR%+N$A]


5KQ^YN$J4O5WC





M;A-!%[Z_]HXT3Y)1.)@

I#T%(ZH5VXBI


MDXRQ=&2M;-E=0

M7E;)^'`W=C%/L@4L%@M^`(K3;9[X%Y)_8,S\B9NH]8?A$-'8A3U(#MNBM*

@_L7QQO%L'869S&M'Q\5TQ
^2D[



D2.TS805`NSTOLX].D25#VP]P1E:T)A83J





M7C6N6:Q)^T2S[#@7.N`7_#!?P((UH0VL..GA^N\7MCFML:32=&/T6OWPWBN\


5J0A9(:0!MLG3=UNF5





M9JRY59CLZ
N8_3H[+)6&H0/FJ&7
M[=-5TLB;K.Z)X^[(2)*_H)WH!%:T










MOF2+JE/ZID`


SCX-)(6;-T!?@(RWBLW<)WR7[)5-=]Y@LR/3&A2Z<ZD
MA



6FMV;WB.P#GXC
1-UY



T(NG
:17A$Q&^@$BP&`X5C$(:&

M.9_S82
X^;^VV$)(7#Z*SZ$AO2E`G03!5W^UL?VR@
CF5_-V6YP]'JI6*@
M+2KR

MXGO%?KI$1D+@8_'5\Z[;:F1N&$P&F-F&P63B9;[=+M\PF&\8?*CE\@V#;TV5
M;QB\;Q3];!L&KUWY(MEP/:
;R_8K8U[L%8=#T+!*35B2CU7JN+&TY,J2V^3
MWYV;KI==GM?V3R]N#;+ZL/Q2S$+?Y8__

<DO4B$4]UZ6W6NU/8TW1%DTO]DU<_/T
;Q@1%/\LA7M%Z
MD8BK/&7MH




MZ7EDGQ*^1

MN
VI+D$C(/+.PZ.SL3CJ36]H]=/B5XL=2?&I$6,4_.Z$T22D2=PF4?%TEG

MOI((C
Z\XR@UYLBW


BW:H2H)AR*P]L@[-O=HITF<Z<5MAS





MB0^A(;D@9:88_^H1L6G::
12)\/9TK26[#

HR[77?HL
15

M[S@H^I*.I]+T=AT^(7AU7NV\N.Q1_7Q+T:$




%'=4/K/0
AQNMZ72AGZ?L(=2%BP$
*@K9!P8
M?2G'56J*NRN?$'UG5&85=C9PYM1[](

UL$HF*3CH.C+.9Y*4]Q=^83D7K6W

R\W9&H4/\
F!

-A$


M+CVX
R\6C:T
QH$@F(2+@NC+-XY4[Q9]`G!^Z9G^.6FT2!I[-E2!M]@%$S


:
MA#T=E$G2I#];


M5F6*MX(^

_4VV.








M?`F@:$DU4*59!?I+++G;*E2OSPYL=6


MHAF

Y/=

K








@KB+GP.B

MM8CH`Z-%
\SH



M9/Q:M)8UNE0?02!W/?]6ET?KVM#/MU/H6
M_BT2




XRL3


MTJ?8L4N`TI%H%2Y=2U)%5`A02AT//GT!Z&?2PW8.)/U($X^5(O8E1+$XB+M1

MI'^P?6=Q

PI`0(2L7@(

MK!MM^2!:\@Q2*$`W=;S[DR[SFRS][7DN









MWZC`'DU69__P'#OP0#P0GH\




DW4*40Y]19'Z!_]\9^

M/
!V\
(`2*SC`&A)-9XB(7ZILW[0VIPWG=/OLY'5F!C8D6(%%BC*@=!2XIQ
M50EQ3)UU!(\FTB]MB^5C=1C-:&I;@C,W*1P2^V+AM*1BO)(A7JJSKK!B0K^X
M=F4Z/YXW31D#[$A!8ALV\+X(%HR#U(HQ#=UUAAZ^\&R0BW/*4GL.^B;)\'R



MA)8LXRL3XIDZ?OTA.]#@+UFF/0OZ1YW]`-VB(,D4%@VF`A*2_Z)E0OQ4!T_
M?G?_MLN$/1JU5_11IUA9F$\$!('!4!:



MBZ$GR?CJA+BFSCI`G7RNM(GP3I7VP/M`3N0A@`!:S;`0=295Q50AQ39UV@

G+;8:03R/_:^63$($M


MZY





L'OS2K.2R=3&#FV&M3
``2MS@`6K*+ITB(



M?$G^]QN=F5CA+H'[\/IWSY\H)=#KD'DA0S7(OK&AFKRGD%FYS)VG+NZE%`C
M`!W'W_]_A?Y&0&U@G]00MK6/W\-O%?[/7'M!H1V/QQ6&GD;[1G]\&S+^;;Y
M^VR]^V;9BW.CD0_AMB))_V[8L['SPR4Z/WX_+



MZ#P





NM4QN^0=
MD^?$AJ'P3TA%H31G(T^Y``U57$TI=L[!









C#P6?
@)`SI$2C=:<A1;F;W

ME^@*$N/ATQ#`TYV0D)HSNQ/]@3JT=RWV?%-F?P[':O&.F'V8:/BTY*+I3DJ^

M9'5&'LL@T9$CQ)/@Q.'CZ4Y(2

/WF3%]=N&
:;R0'
M'L5B(9[G&`RA&\D$RDPOC-J]4E_V`##G;;O&ZA$$)S2&B8M_FEU`\9HQU)B








MIS



0A8CF.3#M/G



08H]VG2A



M!-6F=[P*0?CB^?8XMM5GX'@TV:C!=Y-*1Y3!2`!1?V9JD[OJ!9)8Q]@[Q8

Y/)8&0(27\FAE6;WE$O!.')[-SWZSMK1$_0+@[.LB*3A3:






HUUQ4)D=X(H3+/-#3ODQK?R8UD
MEQ_3



!V0
JF1J?1S!BR)2T:0P
M

M26'C#=`78.&M8M
[GH4A^XA^8#E(XGQH;B;+'KS-2SJB%#[R$;\`




M2+=5!7A2J
K#^P(4Y:HYQ2-;**\9L5J


GI)3/




`OP`_





&:&A2&!E%^P*
Y*@XV[#1]U;@FF=&
M=Z\-9JZ[:=_GBL8$E

]05H&5%OMN&D[Q5_UQ_X*]\@@P![O_K-^_;4XL%)X2
'[@M0

.+7UO-1K+7HF]
M8N43?;RK6/+MSQA
*42%
+\`4T%U9QQ*^FX7;:$S;SGD)2-I4W\N=Y2'P.1X
MW

M3G6W8W&\601C9W$:4R29VQICD#+;OQ@C5^;;_/*-BOE&Q8=:+M^H^-94^4;%


MD$O1.%0Y/`51OP)9895_


M.2SE0WX%E@+*3F_3)

V5SHVAMZ/-&=_72G:V_%IC&%X^6A
M3%/_(?S,[/Z'I,W<A,XG`?DD()\$Y).`?!(`FVB]L6/[A6.1M/]L[2UL_V7:
M]M;6JQD8I,S$ZR.53G-%'[*-8Q.+?A1%64H%-6*^R455W)B3K/+T)A7/5^2%
MR<QWIN&RZYK777@JS5D`TK@*0H/44A1:=W]@_A-=N0*EBSR=XO=$GR068G
MD#)Z#G#4-IS




MV+$



]M#(:MF6]2R+=9Y-LL'FJY?)O%
M6U/EVRSN&]X_VS:+2^?_WJD?DQ@0):-XJID=EF=5:FQ!`QW^(CAAU2\X@8?
MEA+3VPKQF

WY%Z?@]+8^/8_#2[:
M)_^O6N2?;G=U%$;IDH!Q#T^AI:4`]29WO:&Q\2^OU.@XK;G]1GK54-F6@B

5CW3
-X\26#@O-#C+#H.*1V!4I7DMF1968WM:#QR3N
M+0XUWS&

0@2PP`0+7D&*32]K0./R5UH-XR-42N/CEL3F6.\

A
C\H!NVV.QF]YT)FG``!B6P\!UYQE5E

MUN3J


MW


Z*P)X];9T
M%GR#F9TT6\_'WJX1#X1$




MQG&[VQ]:QFE`'V

MG\%

[A]*





DW6*E\VOVG.MY_



M3\?^A#'\U?]M-AYOOE']?K.=P+^F

MWSY\H#=$KD'D30W7(OHJAVKRGD%FKS-VG+OZFE`C0+?&__7[7^1G!-0*_D%Y

]?N;=2/'6<T0(]9AX8'=01+L
V-N

MIIT!
0OZH`F7C1@1*R]E


`$9X_&=



MEMGL1$F5]X`H7YC^4.
`*UR?[U8TK44\KD8=9'MI3B3N9O`125)]!_B2

2N+/U::=*T@4)HO_#8(FHC_1LC8

YDU+&V:

\5$DK3C^W[(E#=XWR]@YKNA\_W<^7[NAUHNW\_]UE3Y?N[[QMW/MI];



MTY8]LWJ+PXID
*61


M'0


(F+]B1LRO?63.I\W)
O!5K=@T&?GTZS





M




&<IB7`P<-OL@.+V9HYQ;M!GJH!_3ME.8SR


U.DZ!3OB7BJ#DT6`[W$\IAL

M=(SB:$UCEK3O&OA*=F[_I:^-@X1_K0]M3OP39).
C4B^)H33V.6F/N/4@W
M_


XCTF:^6RG?;Y7OMWJH
Y*AO4`3!_33UF<9V7D?.MI[1WCY31I2Q$[#














M\K'3
99-GP4[F$QQZ066CK;-^;9T#6G%42%`*56\]?3_TFXW
_PJ36I8\!W1
MN
7C[#2



6MP+0:(;VH3N@U*I\Z-/G%M7U6IWZ5/(0/



MII-/8@!T9W.C4W)WE?-Y9#C\IAP8L7GW/



M+I361.0K-Z/=57=+OR2?^ZMC_\1R38YM1Q('82!D!G*`M.8?3[&?Q1;LE]]N
*VWH6#<DC&0^8BC*<U)05JSFC7T]U5F-8,LVWMBZV6D7PK!8*
M

MDX^LOV:!XLK-DD
LVHZL85@
ALQ`$QK)D(*SFA7S_U^INIQ[Y1.+'G@H`M

ALQ'&
MTYJ3`C5GM7OF_@E_J3UA&8J5.:G'H0-?

ME9WB_9'/56
P:YIT

NN)/0;DM@I0$(F)0]):RYR59OB79+/25]K-&GR

1QM.:E`(UIWCOY-
2&D&0R8D`*8U'R$%IWC?Y7
5H/\?V'+19MNO



M3]9NFQ@T;
\@@*8U'4$5IWAGZ/
^)8O4HN9/7:








OC*(UZR(J!2BGWFJ&:=5/@TI[

/A$6MN7'Q=*:BX!Z`2JJM^JQ;+-[
@J3?#/RA]2(95].0_8#B0LI
MB3!EA`4&
;4F:8RZ`:JJM[KB-_W!AGRGG_=T1WA-UKQ%@(0=`HF#I#49N:H%


!AKZE`

G'42M`/?562ZIL2T79*K/K;RO]TU;6CBT0'O+5A1(
M:_;Q%`O03[V5D3XS6X_GZUK.`2?VZ\+


(P6A
PJE2`=NJMA@QH+CZ@9D4)HT(U=O)
MVL$@!D.F(`F-1$A!0-T5&_5Q*
?VJWR_I+96*YD^6E$4

MJK=R

M2KDVD35=CD&3$9N&@Z8U&T$5`Y14;_6D8M7F+&W78?DL:\:^RMKY'P.'O?T?









MP[ZW';:61/YWS6L&@P9YE$3!9*#81_'%H%H3-$[A$%_56Z09G;;#IE4F*07F
M-9UIQ'$P?:/1WT)B)'K1#WU%NQ.;U?H%HZV[YGC]4YMBB9D+VXMB.)CW=A
M(W



C$8]AH.'TQK

3N]ZF
M
SE-FCM9L9X`%&3&A5&TIEQ$I1#GU%M_H7^=SK&V*O27&T_6??8`O;Z7PA%
M:\Y%5`IQ3KWUE^:\9[RXME^;=[V.O'TZ$`SV??9A&*UI%U4JQ#OUUE$*_;?'
MP_9D&?@G64$^!4C([.,A:4U`KFHA#JJWGL*Y&[I-5DK^K6Q.XYD[9D506&/
MO#PHK6G(5R[$0_760@;'9KE?91LYBA/VL[K_`
A'U^@(.D-0FYJH4XJ-ZZ


M\A0+\4^]-8_NT:R?Z(?1MG7J;221#T#!OFX@A*(U[2(JA3AW7??XGV\A-1#Q
MEN3))9W^

B`P)#53-8?.2;R2=;SZ\9$;^C_]S
1I6




R#


M2D9LKU(17





M6

K;4

MTCJA/QW



MLQ)M=KVW$N^N1/LUM%KL3P@TV]2A2+OU];FF^G







!4G0X`G)ZVP

M;`0OLW$8='[
9C^#*=A\
X[=:\;8L43-.2
4JF:-R[@T;^3L1#
W1U7BPRJ;
MXRJK`S4T^*R_.=#PT5




KU+5KZ$]K:=E[

MPH'2LUMU\J1-2XZW[S1@SW=#Z)\KU6K31\I



97YN#+[
M.9D
!]Z';3G]M=



F;=AWM^45?J[;\79$&#ITA-#&_W-N]V7P$?*P$

M&F^7C0
:+2(`M=+=LL#SMNN6F$XZ^JM5XF4_-31*]&\VME^'@A/G9?_&;@ME



M(6(S[XNWK^O!2VLP'




K0W.LYSP!SNT@G20@

M*6+G#?_FJ



'L)VTE*F\G-
M*FYL
IRG[<[F]_I/+II






VX#
M^1(&'I/X%K9_#.G7



M0

MCT.5=W/@GRO__N=??_W5_+\RZ[]


CK+Y

HG

MK?YZ'%+4$=7




M!F'0^?XR#:.ZS:)J_AS]C

$XC62W0-C
:G3GHN
M:R9F%?
UTF]U958'^I[W43GA@LG)A]+F(=/1_)=X*.1_=&=[^3:=`/PEET




M]7RB3[_ES_P\E/E9B.MS$
/W3%#$\;-F^MS]KYL[GX'^]X;2ST!Y/O^@K5GE

MP?[7J]K+]&YJ7DP$G?@5?V8-LR7.MWU:R3P$^MZ$D
7U^S`N3X(&O1S/N-



1EA7;PW-W1PO$.
^WE;A)

MHQZ\!^'/U-SWY.;MX-WU9J(ANOLB5`-QMZ6Z#+==';P=S13
*]/U-M_C:1-_




/&Z3


U09OQ`FB'-F8$03?2TZ3C
XD1/WSYTK8Z(DPJ

8'#7SL]V-ERCO8/











MK


M&@JX%



;@B.T@.HUA5\WH'


-(_LI90=#`WZ*2#7OLY-1`BDDP



MQBY=&J8$M?'=0NT%;)%8B7_5U;CW_Y:9+7M].-*L]0Q.2
8-/^YE'(4T;=*'
MN8P06)NW_8G-J8$GG]




V\]JT]'[P/Y@

M?`XZ9M!=$
[V\@1L6&\]:$-Y^`:OEL#(([IN'`=/#4+YJ/VZ^5EMD=3U;9
M[/?





[!65X;/!UI#9#




SI?+FQIS9WVIJ
ZAT]4O





SS:6
M:V7;
HTLO;BM?OS^06V'MWW3`?MR&?FT3WSXRM\./K=-7$XTR=7.CFD5$I



M$CV6KE;WB1.06+ZF6(\'/J3`QY-_0[&&1?_Y!)/+]^4$+&4[3':]T[P`:.\L


M:3#HA97VS^DT-O+RGSZ$LZ&ZZ2\X0K#QKSQ#X$6\Q9J;.FU,G.54G`M(4JP
M?(MN$:;3970W\/`R_)F+*).X2VK,7Z;SHEQ)JT.M,RF4K]]#Z10N_NE%?0&

WA5M9V6MO7X=/E

'\9@BW8

*5





3F#=


EA
M=G?1_(T!

MYW;`0_;?&#]AV]G'VRJKC0Y_5-\WUYO94G%&C/4R1M$31&L0[KT;L]YU.Y9A
MO1W/*H/Q/MTQ?


M'9\8
HO3_R@1W66LNJ?3G].H9JM9D_%\E+BW.HEJUS$O$8)P!O4!Q0O8/F3D


M
T#XP
06J.
S%8_^QI-GMAQ/+]O3

YB/`/RM&A3E^3?7R1=;LTKM]C





M(@L6:E/0(L


^
MH
A77=I%.!G:DMNXH.)M*CTPB*QM:1@/9

MENG/H'


MO'



MKW#RG^;]Z.F_JLU*\S]KFI[%\C2/]$=*EY


^<O8Z^9'T\P&T'37Y]X@TF_CLT]%_*,H`<G/UBQX^QG9_ON[E7-9
MQVV`AAY'0ZZL,(@099%Q8!%V]E?*D)/&]_M_F=%VWQ^4^2'[#YW&GX*TO[U

N3IOS_3;.F6.&
M-US_:/XXCV_+-#G%L36D[))U'N(9/4


M
@[[L@!\6/F/XQD!N#3SS)5E
H0R5XJQG;\#BP
8F)[Y]QZ[73.D.3

GB!H


;;1+VX8WHF=NW


O&K\]
MH?)?JX



M5:*;^4K;_!!\':_//_G:3)H(;J=K3SS^]?[%[K#



M-LEXG





3()S!0TYRG+&NG<L9)$[+$1J-S=P$LSWF4,XV8<+ZT-A@G:^#]7DL3T-)
M&<SIY()I^P4_#D5]0C:#

B

-'Q_.QM-@T`M7:VU'44\C[+_$'TW-


[Y^@S9($&95N<(+.

M@]4+ZE4E

I@]0%%HPOSM1[(
M@XXE






V
KR!$O9

M^
HWS\%VD@%KQ_?M/9B^](+OBW8_JE]@HG2]M7
_-=7I.9Q*V

M7;N[[

\?5SAEFCKX8JUR)=U
MBPPV+=+T=3IF`FS&M)PL3UZ&Y@&]T0^^?ET_--



T9+2MS6Y2R)^





3M(CA&

!V=O(2O=^_!M#-]Z3I/[\EU=LJH





KU?76+HZS&85Y&K30YPO7P^'.
GTX
M\2V

MSTAUGO@9A.TL
RS*H0\V




?[YO7@_[HEMEX

MUBQ2##


97Q.'!TGY\^D$2





M7Z*_:/#BGOB71PA($4PL1)Y


MF@S&\2-#$!W4GD=6

M1W3H4BR7/KE%\`NG?Z

MUG^3M'S+W5614I%^GFT4]3JHV=EX^F






M]F




M@:5EUW]@



#*Z/\-VN

M2-TAP*K<-P4)5;V]`'QY]*,_%;=?VN^'0V/N?QXIX!%'RC`]*0YC/O;S%$8


M)74R(!JC_W&DK$:]*4/KM#S
:_HD5BJM[)G8CEX69+:XF?51^_2]W3EY:`P6






L:P76)II6'\N*-2^9*I;'1\+\@B

(\!

HX$S/+XFE;
5$1414:AD312Z49F
_M)0B
M`^(70B'KP&E'_E2

VG@(`
M5A_.SL[


*:

M;J]_.WKXB(]E`Y]-C)Q]H)@B

M\7H

MA*



M'1RM=`JV=!!%['@T66EL;N+*Q09)(OS3G)BFI/O$D[(YVX\U
1N[_Q3@\-EL

71;G&P3K%@&!9<](<:DN+CY0M


ML
(\3
=0Q(A'DS3(8B0F%D**`DU9PPJ9SQI#CH[CY.[-93P
'U]
R&H\
M7Y^N'H[-P69'G8V%V9+D3+1(*K)H]H51R$AKT
*LQ&


8D9..$DY4`


J8BH^B!^.GL^;&Z:#27]VSLA&7(B9F0
M461(^`(HI&,J4&$F[NL7,=S1I`-3

MJZ68`AK(AS4G'6GK`6E:9C#@YQ


QLNXB


E(BABOJ/)AH/:ARLO

8*6M!\0$R[AYD
M'1_#;T(%9'PW&]]NS*_5CVJ]]F%^9T.C58V<C;:(F=:+X=.F+QN
1#*.(



=1
MQ*!'DYDFPUQ
C
14$4QJSE13WHS2I

8$2$44XJ3F336D?2F
R








2(1S-GW6(DK@D*@)



K-L0A.N2(2^HH

M.
TI54HX31IQ;E;C1!ROUQ0@KEU[FH]J)[W&Q`PO92

.N(2
(M?!%T`A
?YV^F=O7&M
N&3$2'')5)

`@;6;N/OC68IO^IT7AT]\<VXPY3H
MY]REE!3Y$+T,OD'Q2H]\RX90A$+_OU8Z(=[B&OV75H089_F3NE/<^`\_1

MCB:1F@5)JKM:R%`TYP\I:BUI%GFXU.C#&:2P'!GAJSNS!HF%^[!M?M^&BS
MAR_;LX




M_/Y3@

CTDILB3MHNA$(E(N-(3ZX$HBICR


M];P(:B)DU)Q9IZP%Q9\8W3W(^LC(;T(%9+R

MZ

%D$6)JSJA#X$CQ(3VY
M+

3B%08F





MD4N@$(WI2*5G;^P'4
1V1Y
J!W

7[%1#I<B!QT@I<B!^(50B#LP6&'BI6
H8L2CR7QC
M
1(3]R!%!'V:\]R4
YXT_9R=QPE`=NLI8.!9LUV=U=Y-#9_C9]MHWX)OF(Q-
MC7Z

!6I-`;W`RAB
MNZ-)8H






MC$NB$(]XQ#YF&*8#*6#3?QY-CIDLAW'.
(1D$5QJSC!#X$@O


)T#$6

C
25-$ATF<4'7,*;6O1;KSD?114RV]_HR(*771XK
M0-D^C8)750-0P.BX:9(6=7'Y[R7/(V=BB.0!`P1^C=6WKS!3A!G<Y#B@]H=


-P:+UWQ;!%^#$&++@^
=-$^G8%65`
PH.X@9'2=/%YPR`


]5^:ILS2)BM&AD4J*)RH@&)V*:UQX7M-/)9Q?,T%-JV.V;X
M*TE]X!9OZFX=/6=;3_?P_AJ[:(_^?EJ=5D?5^%77K!\?2MG6THMT:M#I7II
W9X;C8^G9`#F_PG@<U4;?BTOT[6+C4UV</C9ZOCW=O]32]/%6S%^WG





M7GM\



M?%D;FB7)PL[WMY^#B:F52^R-S_[9+#[B9



M
-DLFWC.Q\35YBG8@HM(O5[S:!%6IN3T!E/&$PBS9*/4?-A&)['LQ(GMPT:
MA"%EB-'LE!?;D`JYYL3Z;`X\9!0RVKPGE,S$3=CABDRI9ZNR7?ZEF[?K=F

6T^F



M
/VNQV%O'DQ'IT'+Z;NGB?_\[=K\N/QX'%VW6XD61U?@NE40%%C:/'25(B
3
M24A.`JOM&GOIJ1?3%$54Y;W9RGICJF_M-(?163;=ENO3];TTYW\E[:MEAG
M'5ZOOJX]=4Y-X&938[!HW93LLK.*+=AQH\6*-_*LGKKQV!L73EF![6Z#T_


M[99LO6)=K?G_]4/U+@RB_\TOGVN=LY(]KJ7$@ATO5*)X&[94RULW#
?$TAL#

=2
LLC`*H3`\-WU(UCYT_'!53KP^(

MTOTX4E[A/CQ9GH=VC53)8]^=CHBIWTX((2W9\Q!&ND9:LK].%2OU456T37/U
MTVZ-FJ*/+MVJ!?OG53+%^#^]LUK8[BZ;S=*=M*W0PCTU6*B'IFVKG



0;[^.H
M'^=G9_W3^



MF



M6+C73Q7HH:ECE?+8RP
A
?7N226L01_


M'MST4[!9ENR9]\M$^F0-
TR+-F.NWMBA'5/TPR4;LF`/'%[%6_KQN
?K3JO6

A=AZ_.C=EZZ*T?**]R-)\OST+1*GGLOM,1,77=2&L*1_<

MENZG;846[JS!0CVT;5OE/';;2%A






%2C=FV5\M4_
MPR%Q=-`$MB:/=^I$[;3


M7+B;IA_`(]NL6;II]W9=NILF:-AB;SK





#S('=
XN3NFP8R^^-'.0XCT:QUYA!;1!`V1&#:R;Z1;/#Q]L+9\(
IB*
MU%=9GT;AQDLNIURA=XJ'L!R^M3L/5W%%8EWM5HG9%2QE%T:*5#9'FUBJ:H
MF
#1
9
$$






M/


MGGA&VWI+=^9`T5+3S



MS7OF/-*V.V;X*XEEQY-NZHZ?;1G;.O#%UEMC%^W1XYVKC!C=T6L4^LW%1[2[

LBOFL.HK^.S6



MVT$B*
IC(7(8\7C(%XYNFJ_GM8?J=3BOUF@I!)5
`Y^]DGT[!JJF%M0D8I
@


'A_:0T#E^I
+N9F\R+:M#29
M%9NGK\EI





/EI

MU
&


MPE(L0$U(*;



M65'1=PG:AP3S&)@1WMDQJ!E$[



MXO]Y/B[D-4:ZIB2E$K*KL:8/IKIYDQNG/LVIA*1M\\
TWMHQS_
?SZ=GH=G!
MRM1

#JO


M


0S


550*G5'`2WZ#V-`N[Y:3.RMG_+C4T(!`8^V#`[%





MG+D(`/8CC(*-3AJX5:YG$M1^C)K]:J/Z](0BBZ34%*3*E4KH'9+J


M.!4\


`B'



M0K


MV+S%P4=0#R&DVIPT);THRDAW
[)1TK
;?7-RTEA$O]5O5C-&KD^FISR8Q'5H
M*0GH:#$F?@FT
1*

+
;S_

@***(`%1MCIK2KA3E9QY;LN'3NR]]T[/ST;]N-H;O
M\4&?\=[&8

MFPZGO#5%

MS;XDVL!JC5@2KG@@Y!X^CN0Z#O;C@*Q-%@&MVF0[-'85A6UNO[(!5X=A?4/W
M.?IY=MZ++\C-XM)L9LI19U
B3L4#*6GQK.TR:(
K$JMH3AX@!')_'DE:'IO!


MF










MZ'0
67XAQ!@JA7!






M#SW=8#GYY.


MC.B;NR;G.+_A:
##0I4#'QA!<0NJR0_(9B)Z



MHI3C6U*\N
GTY+7B
`L]UM)2\MGE/7E+$&:.YF+BF(R[_#+LXZ)F
J5$6VJS


M8`0E/'@
$^KL+J)''Z(GGSS?I^D$T9?'=4SH$[2=7_2US]YOHU_CKY/+2[/E
M[8'E]:55B!)]L)`.%UHO@B[T8:'*H0^
H(0'CV'V@=U%].A#]#SD\_?I.D'V

5U
2X=I!S=$MHE

#E0PXU=:OX3OCF&ZG
T[#(F_(#4/:P'X\YID_B]G




MU]95B2PZ5!R#M3183[;)=!%.B12.=1!`91PWS%,&+`:B!YVL!Q.Z793\H:


II?M#4NIL/UX^ZP7ZTVWSC(AHI0@BTMHL-P


.:FGYXH[[_1@F&5AL0X\U
M2`SAFM*D*.5L)@@V9Y\QD4W*:'[19OZ_
+_4+TZ?:]VKQSX'VG`52K0!*CH\
MAU=?%]K`..70EI8OX;ACF%]@L0T]VB`Q!&U*
Z*4LYD@VIQ]QH0V*:/Y1=LH





Q?9H)N`L:G+%@;G4
M[FQZOGQZGC3-[[-[QWD!94NW\ZIPZ5R6*EM=;DJ5B*\
H(K*YG30ZHC?5%*I





MX@TJ/?-#NS

M$#$


MA`A8B(AWA]DKKP9::)@BV(+5[E,YVQA*J^0H@O3@N$EEN=T%HR^
KE+7J`
MR9C+&\+B+
6+Y67OHK5H+N.7G

M`$QB#E):@4(PJL1R6TAY2893[F:BAY2`F[P1ZKSY-CF_CNMDGB
_WR8-8D)9

L:J@C$\`@*
MN4_GW%U*_Y`BS:8'DTTL$X6PW60`E]MO])R3
YPWW#TTZQ]O9L?'[&Q=/V+.

(R0+K8A$6=BS*3N(
47Z`0
N=7+/^$E)MDB.5N



&]#VY.+
MS;Y%G/SCO5LGQIE5@PAFL(9WHUFKK@9D6)0B&`/%BQGLP%-DV'UBC!$@&8
MODP9I7TE@Z\\QJ*'EXRS_#V+14WL-3[BX=;\'.VZ7RP[CDL6D\E0/8UA,MZ]
MEG4!U&#,$JC,`QFB7\QR!YY,(],VM(]DJ!J-'U9-2AL)O10EL]G#$]E4D;S
M-]BPMS[J]G





?-

5#'ZF7)
G4(8(1KN/=7)F70`V@;)&*

B7#+V\D:Q

I!RMQ


ML.*).)4JWKNAL`JKX1
0H`B;DKK%+'3@Z2M0
[51%AG+Y\%U36$\KT




L417BG+XD%H1-E$%C

9E=4`_4

M\UA@3B`%44H$@9^_!4EG
#(#?KT



F($`1*B5UBUGHP--.



M$S9WD

)L(@844CI9

MF
PB5(ED81'OMK)77@V;T#!ETLR


M
$018J65B]GIP'-(6(Q!2BI(!Z&4OMP1


MOEB&%P]]

HD#$+TC!N[\LU59#+CA&$6P!TL5










6BG4`$Z


MM0@ICV`EA$OZ$DB4M90


MP%


MNFH0E8Y/)H7/OFPQ\QQX-@3

/L'6_@





)Y2@0'T#WW)'
K8

C7WL/%4X3J;O3KTSLQS6P21@#);R[S%9Q-1!#@A0A&*1=S%H'G@#:A%2
M=L%*+CTI8(H:RD9:N7P%#VR1$SEC5?1CZ^+19QQ:?11[WUTB&&%ED]$JG3Y
MWCV%5ED-HZ`(105$BYFI`//&X%[@A1-@`S)7T9)$IY2`9*KB:B)Q*_B[SA


M%2.D7\QR!YZZ(M


QTX-DH+
8@I1.D





M-J1
P]40JNG+1T%A


MD`OIN2AL0V]TO.I.1]=OE^UHT_N)V4@


M$C
(*YZ(0:GBO9L(J[`:!@$!BC`HJ5O

(D@#I

G=3O2$DO3-TA=GMS4K\R.ZZAZ[;/9
M/3&BT/*)`)4NW[NATJK@1
4H0B:4L+%C'3@&3!P3Y!B9!!H*0OT8I#\D@


\%:@=:-J54$KIRVU1QCY/'+S


P#
MM(M9Z\`S5E@M0CM#U1&*4O4T592PF-U'/W%


M4=924B/+G3W%

*J1T(DHE2_?N)J2Z:MB4



'R/0-*<)P-8QD

GUQM1`\F`1]Y(Y+Y][/Y

(F0+J@JPX\:83-'J1\`H4P
M0NG+&5'23S*


I




`B*4.:K5%*XH)
./.
$
M;@K:+U)I&8Q%^O)

M4%81JB]0L(AW:]DKKX92:)@R7YU`]8(^._#D$QENH?W:A&AAY-*7B**\O82^
M
N7Q%\
7)B&#^5N$(Z[4:[]5OQ\UNQ]M8H1AQ5
MOI$LWKNOL`JK`180H






M/8\J=#$W/];


M'@/U`RF:TBH8E?2EQRAC(!D@.3J(GD7\%O*7'L


MD5V$*E$&+.+=5_;*J\$3&J9
W@Q0O:#/#CUYAMTMM!DT$T,6PK3:)2VEU`N
MC3S^8DBH(60P;R[7

MM*LLP91T)$'GF'#S5DY



R


M[Y7Z'20J0/76
2W@W4YXI=500Q1YEUB2KF@GPX\88?%&;3OP$=C$SZTG24

F

MG@AP]E4+^N;`LV0@+B`%3E(#`XZ^K!C%;2



*[KVP55P

)?:_*[SZ&



M3])TWJ!W?W
Y-\D^:AVSI359$K


MT0(W!2FU`!D



BIQ\0T\?;N/X`\YM5*_[
MAX_F3;SGX]ULI.:.38
*/Z&?SO9JJX'1DB4,DRQ`LZ[
!35]B-0DLH6`H#


M799JJZ$6'*/


M5JI\[]9JZP&6E$



GTY=`H[2P9BN6Q%CW!A+SE-2=PO&W[
M0[

38PP)[!%S+O]WZ&&L)EABN6$QB/HJ`O#SP%AZ.KR',







M




@^E8


4@1&L7M!G!YX3
M(L

`]P]]22=(

M(DA*ZA;TT('GA$#]0(JCM`H&(WUY(

(SB$@BX\\+P1+C:BSW$



J($`125UWKHP#-3H'X@

.3@Q/45FS;@D
MO&)1RQ
420TIY5,RR3VVY,'$5E891R#MM4X$YIFN:S)R=0/?A3`5.?[L+@
M=M1K+J]NVQ]3-I3

A6H



)QE':KFD&NS$YC@BFF





MQ1\R77W(^IPI:T0%?'Q\:#WVAI=G-V=/?&-O(!%R)NZ)*+(A5'F%'$R$*4S`

FG8/3.!DG9C4%=(MWQO]I=Y[:9_7'


\;MC


CN;\^BEI2`35/:_7YR?O-Z7NUP3?)`Q*ASYJS*Z+(


M8_
6$PY!26Q59

M



!$F

@9F(B7UH/H9_FM#5ES=-0$?W<5)0U'X*2'CY%@^
'9K!LO&![]'C

MYF512%E;S-*?(;%0RAOX:!+H9#N/Z[
D+HR05G
2'1*GBG^FS&E5UL^57KRJ
*J'\^2J<V[33:*8D+D_$P)*;(G=A$4,A,(59B6R0C*6_%H<O@






MA$(B@L$*

M=1[5\[36NS9OEMGHB`F1LS$EI
B2V$50R$4@5&$J)B
H;\6C2:N#FHF)B&D]

9\T#1W=Q\E4?LI(.%5O,B7^:T^OSCI])_YGA1Q*?HY&VDI19;$
M+X1(H+!2L_92
50WI9'DRG'8BNN.1N`(D)&S9ERRME0?
Z&JP]9YVS(&E$!








?O:YO;)/?$$





B^9^AL#6PV\WA^@@4ET&TJG=O
[7.1N
MP1(&?-



4V&MEP

KV_C6XXWAZF

ZFIP*7P*-($U%*LW0_0!XC*EWK!N1M[C(F913
(I-SHKB

=/
B*1K\FU(!$




[GQB%(E099B
M2Y*T)X8@47=^I((6E
^

;Q`
M32II\B9V&30B$HA5_&5J(@0FEQY/CB+49FPO55.#)5)R`J8TOYEZMNON1]


9)N0+2:+X%9UMJ'RIA6';B[7LJ)7BVTU`#C^/3[BM3%8+#MF^^.R
M8W9%O_.!V$V7*8TOKJO)XVZ72.@

;[QJ08
MWEJGI#2Y%;T0&DD*!2O^.CH9`Y-7CR=]$NXUMI?.:46$I*J3)I7RIORK94=S
M\KY-]N].%21M7-POZH^-_NWL@Q&B@`H#/W=55-D3J+Y*:N['*0[,'7DF-QY/
MEB304FR8W!-#*DZ2U)1\K#,=N#O%ST:D(-2.R/XBWFQ]YU=_)LCNDS3OFQ
MZ]%C$M'3Y%;[)=&(3C1B:8C@3`Y^7@R+&68D`NLFR6-59E\J;5ARVN5S+


+GW



7H80V*:C&RY




44:FDD;BIY.XD2BKYM9('*EW&



_#1MW87!=;.YK71T!!W8
B7*DPV7\.FYS(IK8)LM2&ZXH=K4IE
S%Y#!




+B8^80*$L^

KC


M1


X




Z&2
MBN3..=@




M'@!FRM'2$)?3XM+


M]N+9'@^KE:/CE[R])1ED[


MI&S`#04''U#R@

M&0])Q=S.4//!GZRM$V$B7;[\AWQ):W#CPM$;E


L67]43)?K\3PM54@`XH-OX/ZON2N?WQ]T.%!][@Z3ZE)P5@?/Q=
M$3Y*^4/@([J308B_H/




S(@77S


&*]^C

T$&$\YOH8%
09/F!#VH#$(?3?D(/S##:!\!J)DD(2#/&#H


#
M*-JC/_**D`'&!PS/=*:^9?4.]C4`)9F3\002`%9AE)32H!R-N$FB;-/*&'
L.=%$'L+&@.N*YN2*U'1E;CLK?5V39E]^
RV/KDL

O#\&702=]4K/+4W0^!T:EJ

#59VLR4Q3#=[40='&8#&;7;UWGJ/K$?T\?#WG
.W'1UA(%*8L9_8,[V[U0%IG
MNS+35HM?=1W?UJK3AKFI_CK<S^\PE-!\<IQ




MN



MR#HEB23KX





!*Q
M/(2A0#CM?$R9N*Q.Y






2553%%[=HUT?UD+5S;*9GOB
M%#6SA7G=AB6211!+-AO9LS+V$EW6DC[.':4PE/:T_7\1?MYN/%71@LG_&I




M-H]CN9'KS[)*V+MHMEIO9L?;^7!YR3ND%]%BX6U22YEQD4NAE+'I:#W0-1$$
MG4G53$;E]!@C45.2
$LYYZ-ZMJ0/BKIYDIN?/DRIA)SF%?;S6S-LW\2'G3=G




B=/M1
M98]R

=-%B_T+
MLT6/!=B0GC)?6RZ)4D##$7L`
Q`(H7N/*AN5S7B
(`9E$0!K3TY5TJ@^P.ON


M&FO/?47A8!]


R?D&4



GQJ#1;\;

OA8_2(9Z.2CRB9EMR#W@@=I882]
MVC-(E;:LMT4.'#TKLKR!'],JP6_KX_2A?7E3KP[;=5;J0D(LL-T34F98Z(H
M16LB5`]$W8V`T)-'E04*=!4C/_?U$&QJS_M4U(4^:.E@0VY(ROM01L?HMN
MSGUWV.R]G]R
6.D(2['P


23B6E72)DWH8N@
ME)2)4'WD7=J)@-3QY5Q7(59ZZE/3V$D.JS+!5TH9?\2MDV9
^L).Y#)6RL
M75XMX^U/\=&O9Q-60N)R+)P$Y)3Y%+\@2ID)!NR!G.DX'U[5#F5+)YCIBD




+WS_

]@4BH?/P



M

M@MK1Y5674:(S?3F@@[M2=3*N-
'_QTM8W0_UXDXFCM^-Y,*N]+%]:P\E
.)H*@\ROJA]'Z<S&2%)`%!F#I!REI;SI@Z6N
MYN2&J1=W*J%IV+J/-U\LHGI7;T[R+;!*IL9T[2:

I3:%X/=`T%0:9



M+2(RQZM.#
SB448LV_5A1$OG#?9E:1^X+N!I;G3[-K42C-?/'AO=WK)N?C\Y





AG?Q7


6H

M;O5E


MK'G_A@^JXA;D02TDJ


M@\%8.$3N5K
Z@8PE.6F





M(-8757353*N9QT@8BAR6SF@)VT*&.A%;`VE]/@4
5C
.^M8@Q1\&74&4
M4O'7KC=8IJ['+__D-8[(8Y^56$@CGK]C48M7=5%0]=

C$5P+\K+U59Z*$.7U;A5K#*`850K68D

E






M=_HE*IUS.`L05CNR_-0

M?:N(Y#(O_AVA3
_X44PG4_V::W'
M-Q\PGXXU4!B/Q)=0I
)65Q`D#59!UOX3[P4'LR%*9K@N8HCA/=L6$.TO'UMM

M&
D#N4S#!J)37D%$L$P=(JF8O5(L)$U4S]FZFVJHF`UF


.0I*AX4Q#*J`12IX

MT(Q4A6E_






M
Z67?)
XJ+Z?A;[XNO+$+\

[I=*]96SN+!^23
MB`@UNHS:WC5

M2Y9B&#)'-4;E85AZZ62L4
?2B@
JP1^

.9D2HO)`*[MP
CZF(6G%QE38
M#\88F3P^+%BU,342/9S]U036G8L[([8,N]@=H.K,@-SCNTDL.3F'59ZP2&



M/S
]($-U:D




GS

8#/:['J^?Y]*Y=X
M6R[GAMWH.I`A9RH!JCS







3

I:E8VEGD2L5^*.A]N3I*\HCQNP:5VHHC8712V;Q



_&G!/GK/B

[+C877%FWL^L!UIESG8(80R*V.K?O'(N#W$AKWM
M&HPA=]/5!YXUPJ`C




M9G)3
HPT3`V7&[.R/.O-U5$'+5=4']\3Y^+C-:J/L
#3=



VE7G-7NSMGD+H0AV(MXAP


M5I7OSH:'?AT66JO%L*&#
*5:AV#N75D!H?(`*[EL







RM!
M

L3HP:F!)(8U_T\GH\&%=VS.OV



D1(PZE`I'8U+T4F8\%E)V?.KFF#)O55:#

&YC=R*K
N
3.
MV38-5[6A_Q*_+MN&?4L/8


HCQBC5J:!

NYGM&*O
SF9B[S[9'A;GA(PS5_PR[&G7@0P96PE0


N]0%D.I

M_=8^


;&2JE:\3

KX?O+*PTQ]L61<



I#J_SBR3B4EJ85IU*C/QIP3YZDXTK8


M12R5!YRY1=/QMFT-.VE2R@/QIP3Y[)XTK8F$^5J
#2.!N];!Z/AYG%E(FW
8]I+)N)B*H9W4



-L!=&N

LM;$OZ



M
=)


U99070J@)4^2'7[V026!=415009-%
MQ4;=5
'

MZ9+$DU0MNL)[LJ:(XC((-40NV5G(TD0F]W@ED5_%^Z$%TU:-\R\Y51KDI-












S$C`0X_4[^8






MI_W(K-Q&X?=

M9
E
Z




JCQKWRG
MQW]UD$SS.J!AXRP!)!.NUPN%G(&64K9JHGHFCP;N__X=1GI#R*&8:1FNVE#_
M-UE#-1.A=DWU[A#%


M1.\-Q4+.8


;5J?@4#\?@+TF=HP\C%/-3P&G,CV[FG(?


MCOJ9E&A(!0


Q*F_1:5B-YG'/[Q(
MTG@@`J#]'*J5!MZ]-F@K\LJ









M.P/




3ID`EN[+X9[

6D8)
[%F







MR/W[V:OO[59?+A%[4O&SM(3[-]@'(NBIDTGHP\'P^NT7(!H[HI9.XJ'PL;5X

MT




*3`HK(*COW0B#J5G:6N-J2+X`U'VU%DEK@6+



;0
M


MKW

/.=!CGPSX(




MIUQ7E!?9




_04%1K[J)4.$5QV0F65J
7QM




MD.M%]PQ-B]*KJ+IMH2?W'V


MGZF)\%C

J5@*IX
V=UZ;1#)N@#HU

4GM:`5)^JM

MW]20M6J:*@XF`I/F
'&S@85BEVK$BM/26H]#NT9Y1R#BN60%D5BY12[YY\'Z




MU1\'VLVB!;(]&R0(A9(-47`CD#55*U.QNDP


Y#Q1S=6J*2HH&(G)7Y)+IRRH4&Q1


59RY$U%DLW-8^IB+7KM3\(
M63S3K3)F*W??X;P30;J^!+9QR1Y2#\ET2Y`









M:X&&8I5:4(UCTDWQ8R`P[1KG?9&)YY\5A6;E-@J/RM&

MM!S
L(EJP
B$:GEAD+-0+5VK#JIF821*?TGFGRLQAN*?.DR-?=)-`/1X3-IU

MN'=7#X/A9Y=*[PU]O!\T'KP56Z:2N89^M=%YZ4=_




5C
FY-2B1A^18C\K*O=.?]_A#\;8M#MI.6IC6





AT+,_C_&6V,.=Q&@U^*HW0;&W/SR('9#A(#QT
MZEA.6`IFV@[58'0L[0PZ!FCCJY==U2R
!*EOR1'SI48P_%)#:;&+.GFR'D\
M)BT[YCU!B6B;E41EY=Z9SAWX*#:[S=YDY)ZP)C_JD4Q/@%0@D0G/DF(@YY=J
MKG8G0Q8IF(C)__9+LN.4!17.I$@5H-HC_QO=W#@/!J'ER9$W1R'B!$G[85BY


)KVAJ2@^J!
M#)NG`HA





M&(G87Y+;YVJTX2W$K$35&G=+#\FHK.Q9AO#T_DY9@KB
_*'75_VOGN8%N;

O&HNG!R#GE!TJHK?L4V$FF_)&6/


M`



M4



Y9KW.[B
MH!/ZX@A?[&IN7:QUA<N@#!N?$HI,,)85!#D+U)UZH




A9J):N


3D+\G84Q94

M&HM



KYVN^V




M)-T^0G*_6V%-KZIU#99
O-Y:0.0


M$P'[6W+R7`LVG
0\6E2-=1+.SF


2;HQ!Q4J+]
M


M?C+SVR
3-YUY!:%9N8TNX

\-Y2
.2L

3A+TG=HP\E%
-4

M66
%85BY-2YJDUX7NGLGXLWG2_S:\W98XV_*L$P/O%%BD8G-TJ(@9Y$ZMG;'

/)1135


4O\8/OK

CY



L`MJ
MP
A$97EAD'-$+5VKOJAF821*?TEVGLQAN*1.DR-4]+-F/-X3-KUR[N$L\U




ML
RS'

M+9OH79&)Z*+5A&;E-BH3*K3@8[0YC-;U^(1DH25(*/EZOB.1B=28B!GFVJN
M%:3F^4;!2$S^JIP\ZJ!3

EQE#\



5%RY$UGDHW@8^IB+7K

@Y;SEG
MJ\9;0L5(#/^2M#^W!!^*[98:UR7;OH?0\%JUW3OCU8\SZTP7NWW&%;;.4;
M5E-OP'_O'22K+4$RO7J)`HE

V/<'8A-PS1

<I6,_%@W/:?SN@664YG'&[U,`1BM/R`B%HFUKEJU3


M[PU'XB.2I5Z#
VRI6C@R
7NM0
A9:@EAJY:JXV$D8G])*J&KT89BJ7I4G:72

MTJ(@9Z




]RS%7N=^*[OQ*9D?B_.#H?P/_OADCV









M0



0

M1A=`*-Y7`-
K_Z/79/X)_^V?X_T&4Q5_Q%+N<;D[2T#*DVA5Q?[JUFV4:2-Y3U




M4_$









M*G__
SZ_5N.-W8M'(?

3S&+E`UY$]*



M_;/



MK?^=\#I/QNW@S^KOU_









MQR'_UQ7
P\&\OC#4GU
!ZXKDIR!C78+P;2A^=G









8X+*\,BP%$?QC+(O$$,.O/U'8)PP[X]S9CPSJ&;'Z*M_;8@*6IH*:
M<_'N;Y&-$[X5MK0'8XHBTA&UI2,E/K*46'/.<E0V3L0^L;G-'PG&-/64]4[3
M!'8<O%K8-Y37!)NB+0U=(.K)V
`)W8?N(O56

M-I3CU`)+:_5/`1R]\N&(7#-N`K7-9W?_G*:$G('KNM!N;)_:HLXTF$`!F:4M

MA=3E__5C&)0A'M/D@$M`9BV:0O)A$$GBA?#=[TZ;CJ')]Q98VI)1$1Q;1;X8

^JQ]V)R1`N25L:*F`C*VC#&A%O`?5YA20/`8OSX&F?IH!6=1E9_..+
M


MU#RM*4T!CZXMCLD:K




MP0.E.Q/'--=!+0XY6XIRTA&U5B&I\-'K)?&X[\[R@YMK+J@:3$K@V#3U!-OF
M_'NXX11A0U





M:L0#DG64EJDM2:D)8-=1O8D\;

MBN#(XCG)_FK&

REQ.L=C&.S\_I;D(/\+?K94\Q4662^P+BX'



MGJL_1V0!+


:9J).BK\/DB;XAK74V


ML:73@J32_Z#(\K%&&9$,\3`;TX/=HGN$M'AM5G/.\V0HG[*Z=H24PD+;&6)
M3][)(Z0_4WLC
/P.`F_)*R50




OR


Q0-;#G%B`TCYF54

ZC1R;J)YV
MA]:T!Y].X6I+\UU)@:(U#7U'1E?/[L!:4];+

M2:Y'I65J2T)J`MA*DJA
PN9_
8`D?'.BJU.Y&_CD3KT=W]C*YB0;U2J2UJJB

MH*P+ZPP/LO
#/MDE&41KK3?


M17;)X?:NG2;=H2=B(.-Z)SF;6\G2VNI#!7#TE8=VC$/HW

M
$UY?^S
8!\\'X#\/9(RTC*U5B

ML]RXY,_(IDIH(2K15DI*=@0EOA6R_].8#,.#OG;J80R


N3TF$-T


'!F?
M1_2W\T=WHXV9



MG43*EN5H;W#H@$E*YN^S$LG






*PZI7!HEQ%!DH<
S)XDU:[*!/'#Z


U3T4W0_IN;G




Z




M;?#/&S@O(F]LUAK[4X-3@
R0

Z/+:)F_Y5HT0S<_$F^KSKE%\S_K?)R'-[]
RL#Y





M
`NR_W:H&<Q-;Y1Z5NK!C)PDV-^9^6I\UX/

M/LWRM4S%\O#5WN-N!(]GS;@63TY[OU'E_2U2
7UO+Q!
W-=N)/LZFC$39X4U

'RO*P#V63S4T/_Y?%8[5WV
8(G&1
GK_86PP*V





M_1K^.=RXI
E\U.Y$L_/TA61@L&5G@LJU9#$/(GSFB8$3
7&F^U9NF?-'L3;C


M)8A3



`X+\0Y#`T=!,ZF5O?;3C?J&TRD:8P/UGW_F
V\@/F;'B+L2Z6
M3G9@Q$O?;%+



6_+/@EH?OK7@D!$W*%A:WN`@5P1F5[+D&0;\2)0'YV5?
M3GR7);BJU17_YE2QX\$JV.O0?&AT'^Y-RF'(2X@!.J=5I;+9IOV(I:!B9
MEX`*R,RMGXJN87D@W&IH
+Y6;_R^[UP._ZDXX\6




T;G2

MP9SCAEF9O^$Z

SA2

[@R`0ZY*Q

MF5A3]-L0TL5^.H?D_BM(A+/
M]-1AHX=JC:4H.;5`3!B=)?(%K3\V$E)'9UP



M
51%7.(AU!4#_KCAI+`\@\_]9

:$]$M'B=_KUZ?9F%R9_IZU]1]/XW
M?Y3NO4:O;SM8A?66LM@T
]@

F

M@9TAV?&78K9L&8F=HI9WD?YCC%D=:
S/(T4RZF[SK-;N/QW9]PX[HDI1LW0
M@F(4P'B*.;'N^C
VZO@&?RNXO.GF]8N:3J'VM*FMSWT::ZOD);D1
'9!R1-9ES8!R4



M

MV=G/%;WLK5(R

MP04:@@@`@7D+7BLX+%C)'4
Z*I@YB^-IM^B+[5%



3Z!E0J=+01
M.O!)*#GK+6J\)B3]:C(0T\/4R$:5`21A#S'KY)

;1A.F
Q6M#CXY.%J=H
M-6]/&IS6MHDRR

M/^7_&E1DH&6'6DDH03'JB7S3[RF`
Y#\Z430SXT:`CDH]*TZL-CVZZFXFC
U?+!^ID*9D.
M3CT]5)FH43%DDA_5$]O;N_


MHLQA-
0+Z=8KX4PJ8




MOP+

M
=L.FBBM4-

3;
W$_5&]/A@
=VY$
N;_#7?

3ABWR&G$R5%
M.\_7!63L!^PV;^W6UI`51APD45F'H'#@W_ZX:Q\ROG$71_0
2
70SO/U)3#R

8[)P

JSEQ'4R#:$3V(*
M;#;TVO
6R@PN\Q2M:*6(C*J7+:]

MALD

`*IEX7EO<Q76MBB/-`:Y82I!!8F@'B75
O.30=Q
M6'/%O]:V6
\O/RD
)]C#Q^-
YML9IR[*4K?FJ&$J0X&((`R'!7N6X^0'C%-N
M&4AKUOZD(
*%YO330I;5MD`*1VA(6:8FB@(D@B7/#[G\

0C&.P




MM




M@G*0YOD]4#8+H?)A%X;9)N'







M





U%W(1H6,J!OQ;I[`W%
Q#@D`TQRJMGYV8A7AL(X.UO8
MZLH9


S/VL,%,;TH5K02Q$742\3'[O
M<1^JLS'S9ZS-A@MR@EF+O4.7;YH,YFO1YH+C`XH+V5J8UBYG@#BX/+\H&,
MQ^+`C/G+6/Q)Q3'F)]_3P^)-]J
8ZBBB8E)0]'2
_DE


MZI'GR:/K#\=3$42[E%K#ILC.QB/V=U#

4H5J031$743-B!T?+%<3Q6(





$)B7)#.;Y


51.X6JCY!H


AUUJ
GAJD.!B:


M
IEJ
LW&!_R


M'FSOSK+5[$!H!D61&*XH+O!P*@\.PI]]Q6Z)0VN.1&

?$.LT4S)`GAE\`


VS`.=
YD14D1




-U.IG/YF-7S$:D
M(XTB
XY0?.&UR@+?EY*TFB*
MKIXN)SH

M.X:MP9C0!&XM/_3G&04LVO.
;*I^67
PJA&


%G4/ZAY<X


!0-;%;
A63&





MEU'$'\*E1

.



8`L\


2EAL19CRH?^


M%

X4;W%V^'-*6Q[B@3PB
M
<CU()BY21<@MO=@4:&X)*$L8!Y9^2
MDLK*'_8GZ7CJCZF)I
@





(I4(#$.14D4_87H]8%_BZEH






MF+/PEB=#S=_9DEL;:

$
5RN7@@V8N:1
(PC@.)


ML?Y2S
0-F4-)+2W9HR@&JCA;\7O!=XO2(O1J[QI-Y

.I-0D*)R-3DD(VHB(GD0IOSF%6Q<0ZY(+P)TEE)$M@(WSQI^(X




F.N-#


^XX#B4A0`]A
M




]+S@F_X;4(
)6MIVVELOS[MY4'$!'15I^R..2E;!(

BAJN4`J(./J`Y8-:(NW=!H:7YEB4
M5

2EI)]F




MDN&/-`ZK\LA-9Q==@_Q9R[1$2![&(=A;TH45)&$7EBE`X9:7Z4[#4#/+%U



X3Q8B4XW_\CZIJ*T7C$OZU/
MO?%Y3T!(%QIVR,.5%*!8PY9`'@(,,O9^.28@)9*5+U/L\(^U1E,TJNP$:$7

MYEOQBD+D*F



MMYP[L)W0J]TRBLB]YSIDI%YTF0=56(ILB.:@_&%5'$#JW:[73L20;SBF6:_/
MMUV7CF;4Y'#5HL#$T8D'4VKDV'=Q=)
_J'`X6!*DD.\^VQO^W#KMHAAE]T



(T&?
M.HXDG+^3Y#7.?




`&GF#V;A-LM6D(FFM@KK$ME`U
ML8`_ST'7$/0FBN;W8

E=9R'2


M'PXY#G2H^_OIMML*Q4@FBI)2LK16*Q7`+51
@


'5[4]]^-)9K5`&DF&0M*6F

]:=_476`N=U+S2Z66LMH/


M-N\NIK!.`\GACRJ2MC14P
UE8\@ZX^IMON8+&.78^BB$JX6NL&TEPT!NTS9_9
M5U_F*^_$TBH[UJ

M+UC5.A0E=

H)/I[4!35HUY?E0[&
&V8!NA+)V)
MQ-.6I%3P^'538_YY?)NWLT=R'X#35)

M=

MK
:_'.C:6=]/'5BFM.[/O3W5*?M%CM9&7E]`VY@)ZZ?


MC@E_?J@-@#R^P)!8_TQL&&1N$%X*VP0PRY$9AV:?V'?FD9`L6(-Q'N)9L
8;
M9

M+INS


-T)90?KAHUJ=QNN3?CXW#++`PI]D$
M16NZ^8Z

].4E@WT;8F




M/S$.R9^L6JR^Y


DC


9D$A8$I
M;P?6CYE'5$/A.


M:Y)2X5NHH/P=O&\3P



T+I5*0;05

M.8RCB`UP.`T9[%.Q.V[X[@J^M^8H'=)F:&')0(%F5@;[5!X5LP;SF;O*AQC-

'R


L/2AAK0KX^^OKETRK,R6)G)!JD!F1HG7M
V1`Q^TI!4V4




H.
M2Q]Z4







4!.-PEVN`5

(-&XX
M;%O!#W'4K)'XR[9

$O)WH;E@X80X-#<!CS'28K<-)TEZC+'+R,/
)\5/((3'
MPRGC9^?W.F'M-=;B)'=;'BP(M..MUL@7QV5'V!I0N/%Z:FC^KT8T;?]B%:0=



M.-G7X_&ZLT-*



PT[-F;;W#DYV.H/DK*CE*R:F3#B.F*E9
M8\Z4M??
H5BS]
^][\/)+.B&/='S`=_)2:6

W0=R,)EPYCG*:ES&F&&)00UH5@X<(^\K&9Q'U,GFR!QIR:U[V$P=+I-
MT60+M[!N%



*ZXY=09N_ZD@UE2I`O#1N.Z3O[RZ]\:`]A*\-E)6%3)!;/1]QS+?XN-/


1P!)EMQ

MN\%!'%Q'66'='#54?101



M?[]._W'8O

=6


MF\




)

1:9$7E

FI[58][QDG(.UZHN!XAK6ML%0+KXZCF%#!R5]



MV!##J%NKN77QT0U@*U$-*8G:?-M3P+?SHB?BCX$UF#\&BTF++?QC(([`RO$?

M*P(@X*L7C@#L3,2;#YC,0[\XDPD?MJW.H\
0[99PX_(ZO3U90_\D0[-!PV


M1QTY.#M

MXR#@WYB^1H=L;AZ0HK]-:S;C@5[[M[




MB;SUO&[K?BRDV6

!6/T2'
M^6);-^4?Q8Z0.1GM#GC99P
;:^+P)!1?.N
!RB1[?



C'$2L









MWM):I_ZRQ\.@

M;&V*2TWBL2?&


MN1NQPPV#+4K;'I&K574I*%A15VU_GL3L;O(#7
AUM45JT!LI+-@&#8MC71RV
MB$2RN0;*ZJC8A*VJ3

M(ZNR`DVKVOJ.;D-1
?-%XL=6#

Q9M'+B2/L)!D=\TV]KLA;S+*GAQ.`T/




M_A5/7S9B1





P
MD@=R[!!E'25


KH@J$]!7T%MJ&=
MTQY:Y:P[91TN&)$DI(XCFQZ0^?NU=FR\OL^3/YO%\9;RJ(?.J14%XIAUW=MB
MR,48LUME8@90)8_\S"0CW/?.YTTA+5'6A$+\C5'^9O2TD3+_DF<5!]/PM]






MA

M
H/
R7P_GHP_CZ*C%S4Y7*DH
'%4

W^0^CJ8!YVF`UYEM#A!DQ%AH$&E.10[XS3M1<&X<;GW.C(

-SBL%S(=QE'$
($`'EM\D`
E

M(ZY(]-`X@H%O@?B^SH==`B8[@U)23M2*W-8J#@91B#(HW`@K7'5\!4/10P3O

;@J!A$+D89Y_^SRL^[D_/R^.G1YQ;:5$U+IJ*&$(:XR=
`H*LE8=_+9



M
U
\?4%#&FT%W\FV:2\U@`0UB35!ITX
MW
_Z\`1]F&:P$;ZCY`DVS`]7%&I8%'E



^G48




S-I20&#S9V

ML)N.



^E#BD?QT#6&L77BX&WX0ND532E'Y#P2



=R
M.!9N69#)?A-*4A$[EUN_!SMAX[[?=

MW'N:L#`9);$DGI/`[^5TVEAR\R.4H%M%#?EUS24BTNL:CSD)RX%88PF-#E*I



TPS^'?QPVKW'ZFMY2=&%K
M)#:-%^$L&
*BY1ABLGX%M^K-+C&5)#D8^T*!Y1S$]@\6C--@'SP8)\+.3.[


1+W;



M3%Q

M*


M7




_


M\-NO#[.VLS]R@B*

MUT2


ZED0Z1(F/J

MRM9*;DFKF;[$K]=,CPVC@'2!XZET8Z/HJ



+U3=?;T%..DJ
=
MY12AD96SSC^FK
DX:+Z&)_
V%



V8G4A/%9*:;I8)IU:M-]U4-9T-
K.CG^@B+K14Q
M#@






M#V.47D!SU#EH$#$4`1\YAW$!\ZT.TGP-@8J_/O)V6Q.JS'26LZKR_Z*$U4



PU







;([J;F)[^$F*9$N2`%Y



M8A=IT4(?.=DSC@Y
H8





)Z.'X

!`$
YIDM3@7?4HP1N7
M[']%SS?ZF%/M3(TBWN$GJ8P^6(D1PZ/L4(U/&N.9MGGC?J1(+.EJ=DHOFX`6




M0X`MRE^FOK=


M*)1S9Y$'!K=17!&.H0C
2M`GY]-?ZZRNJ7I2S+FEY._P(OA;2/5=^E^FU7Y6
M7R)6I&
:)V1U:2@]!EIF]4VTNK\EOC-DQMR/^M#/R?L66GV7_I=IM9_55VAU
M?^.(H@X




INEMN:]__RFO&
XNB'=2^::H

=_;2A9=63\R
B







.^&K;EJK#&17$4RRHFRM2.I]T@(


6$L&E%?7T]O+L22=;T,DE/GW8V^)?FY\Z'\L
MDS$V#*13#DB+.T(J0M<6$8


^R2U%-:=2L
I$@Q9]-T(YD
MGG!E!7
WY^4[CJZ6!H1SW/P++(;1']+0]KIL)4:-@@HG[P_BWWZ=8[9=!




Z.=EZ#RNH%D7!]


WYYPVPO/




*B*I1.I=Z

MQ`




M1MS7J1V:]24HSAN]'%U7M(*D1_J)7]!YY'UO]&U&/ZNCX6-*'A'6%'
D]]J
D

M*%R7O\O54EB&7@K2T1F*ESN3!OMQYFV^K7*!/DHIO\3:VYN&%=TVZY-5#TM+

$


R+

M2^?6/02D#Z_I]B

M?9U4&H5$B:Q\[\+!FJ:38*O0BJR+HC6GL[?(\CYG6S(
NC2AK@\.2L1N'$



_V:XDS


MG%ZKB#

&$[,HIW3A7\5/+U
M*G]_COLH5([Q!77#`<FR$E.=8
D4*BG7J*6!-6-+ZVH55
]A

MS0]





6*[25JZ^F]C2]_[P[AII.K]!K654/FJ
Q[L


8=8F+HH`\
86MP=APL07,CQQM
MPO0/'CZ7*=T;:U35

&#&IZ^85:
M7Y7I



M\S)



FGGZBE]'K=^-(9]D+S$


C`Q-#$R
S%?
+B`YDL%V.9Q,09L+UZ_OB4!:R]L
MR38P)Y:U%)&Y%]APW-HV)[2E*;^Z_\]K)Q?=K;G+];N?__ICS___J=?;-=<

MVCB+L6O:OPPWGNW[^[%G__+#I3\@QTIK\WUEN\$O\R#8_.=OO^WW^S^;'S\Y

M/__ZQR^5IO'K[W___?=/%137FZ.WF


GNPX3



GQ#7O



/&?B\C._XTY_&;XQZL?+&WB




MN#%$P/W+^NW7T82?KF.9'`D_M1)*A891PJ4D;0VA48)PW

M3CENNWPNEXN6N3%






MW@9-ME0ZM^*;::[?R:5U;=

85E;?]XBV4S@MY

[=6F#FU/R



M08J2U[A%3$EY6RS6/JRIH\\TW(:.X/HW=D6:+*;


9XLG$6PL'WR0F3K-.9KAUR63U^.P5'@6-_[
ML^MS


%C0JAD.:'R^/OZ(

M#HDTUNZ



M]).F4'O?_;O/




M54DJ%MFL)U1
3;
M6LY+ZYIV

IPT.R#D


M`H/DVS_S]D(YCY#2PGD/(JMI[OT9MPUC?I99L\8K

EV,*W@Q)Q6[+H`0%9.T:<5FR;<+:/A:V-_828TTTT901N=
MRV360(G*XC33Q2RU]O\


II$]V:)YU#
2=X-GD



M2YS?**
*+B'RY7=);_;#`\D/#R#G50SW4`.^
#C;I0P\N\]I!IX(3J2H(%Y;

3+F

M*A#4DNEFN3_-[(T=F\XL7'N!87MQBKGK1Q_[/*;Z45Z5DY(2^1+-1)Z5Q!3B






M&^Z;BL[_W%PL=%[^UN'8)%]N)
M:G*^&OM%_N


MUVTTN
T57^@C4



X:#PM3$$
M8[WRA3
YIN#
@

M[!8%_





M\ZU3XF;N

Z
M3S2MR1+ZES]W/?GF^_:+!F[3@&;N6::Y2.U6:K=2NY7:K=1NI78KI5![+MS*
M.WR.CQP%Z;V4:\*MZ&=-YD*F

M]CZU]ZF]3RG4G@OO





.WU::]/


8Z8OW#2[\)C@09XYCW_[2^6\B




&)N*PIB?4`I//AA$9)
MZ



R=1?&E:2=1.XG:2=1.HG82M9


QA@FH1-87*]6BX!]?

MVG/A$Z9S
TM2J%V9&^1O[]+@H?PT^&+
M=R0^G+PX+T!&QTY@5HAW<L53V_-LJW'F0WA%[')(G9.U;[.R<CB/XB=_GDT





MM4NH74+M$FJ74`JUYV*

-X\I#?_XPU'.C9OT^]^L%@1H\*/


M

M)%7`8W0(E)'AJ`UYV].E








M)*[WBT`DX'I$?KCPXR*N2[GH1+[INT.G;:653?J?1A21XJ?2-W8:\P&=EH1V



9/




Q]

MI]^]U`M[GZTPH;=Q1X79M_5=?8][J



EW:_=!JWU!.W]51M[9=JOU3[I=HOU7[I5_=+'YV)^^PL
MW&=GX.;-BTQ-!/S


_








MW%M3]CI(\&


;;-[__AI8GO


MW2W2W2+=+=+=(MTMDD+MR-VB]-NV\S:0%SB;J7[%6306]ZOLFR;!;4PP&F%Q


M9@P8WS.[Y;^'-:P9LW&[N7)-;$`_;7
C/2O/#JW0?`XVM?1[T5],_EWZ$;3/EOP?<;7G][A59
MF6Z3'J%GAIWOM`?_JKLAU45@WQ?Q%_'5[I$)D&(#LI_KTSH0?JEOYG/R7&?

M!1[T5[L/N/3#WP

MW'ZJ:%1




=K5
M7R5W

<Z6VZV


M#6=YR2WM^O/-9:)*I84W+B%$`E=P%$EY`7/(E7E^-9SAP_KLP+RGV;RUZN]9







M\&M61(#*:UI

43YZ;$:^&QMB-3U0924L^A$OV48J5!3/

$4_
M&!Q'';]:G!4,Q)FF?!APX89@E)=MF%:$'%XR1O0&V[DQ\EJ#T\X-[RJ*P(N
\<#4U[$?(H1QQC%&]'


ML
#%S

DK^Z


M'^\I'0\'+FD!G/*:%M&

M*UI`
H*@98SH!49UTG8KJV'-V_8C0LGS[F
XCRJKVE%$&L
D;P3C3T
]K-
M1IW=AA7$&UT60X$+EP.EO'QY]+L:)C1







H


M!2;\S+(83.65'4LX@M!EC
(5FIN@M1RQ
D=Z@/Y_Q!M%BX6#'TSCPRFO;!'-







(&89(X4UYE?Y

SF/OK

M:`1ARQC%ZVW;]$9N3LFQ3J$?$`;PG&8Q%KS'S

M6H

M9L_M--&D'0\'+FP!G/*R%M&


M!]QX97O42&?MC1?NG\WUZK=@?%B[Z]7Q#%Q:^*:S]M\]\G
_(&4#V_KF^W;@
++\<_O?'M1CCB1.9
MG



X-/]4)CZ$;K/EU):
MK\AC*
0U[]2%Z)M3F;$L$L
Z?.U\CA^*E@(_8R).0?@Y$_4:0L^:GP4D5#O/






5#T$1-WI:)77!79\(8_9T4!E!93ZQ-:X]6JD-JXI,D\^/F(D8/

MM3ZA


MBP/Y
%_-:^']KV`K?49KT4I5TAJ'
H0Q7KB\

MIM8GY
\I:LTT_L:
%
MH[5D9:M^.'

-I-J?TZ7PMK5



TX-I4J@]
MB\$T^H8
+F_(--X0]8$J6[;+[G$_6#7
2?B9`U;A]3'U?(79MS772X6@2N9!

*;'4%7^Z#.A-4JHC8Q;3(/0MUKI7]P1M[$;=3Z


6ZDR


MT)\]H%?-78F=L`Y]XWA\6EUQE3XL
6ZERNB



M2^CL$CJ[A

E'8J7VDW&]:;YO2:1\[KAT.B8/5=6N[Y^K)O:*[#D4
MS#VH.\W;+PODFW%@_OCBTK

MJ?'!=R*O1C7DQ2=+YAQ]=QI8J&VWU3?7'K(3[O80'D8$J^\Q;7'J4T-9/*)R

VW3DU.G;1@LX_%^[;19O]$*




7*22]*


.#J


MSLO-]J39'LZG=/`BG#H:L



M-SK7204B3.8!GD=

8G58._6

MI


M
)H48*BI3A&A

MFMOO%OWRO%T9E%?L%*PJ1;7#:#)2NYJ*C)*(EZGC-1.2S;EMO3OVV_2;::[?

67[^&EX_J?GY:]8A+1W2TB$M'=+2


M7R!6%UE.BVUG6N_T9M8L/'D`%0-2K1$
E:4:)53F$!B(R9V]L2]--HW&FVNW
MBQ@JY2-`:C2$H+)PV3*'(#


MNZ9M8

5CUVPCE3H2(6.5.A(A8Y4Z$B%%&J7
E+Q\1)-.^VN8A:

!?0OG)39#K
`5K?[<RZM'/S=:^.ME$]M!^!1:*HL-87T+
$8*EWNH8U'23

M`#.
3D'EUVG<A;$*EZ&(5&JU=3FAP:\Q'-
M?L1:8N*L/#HZ<YKA<];9@I25#F('B.5*ZG&*(7YB$H_8FOG=-HWYKUBQZ%'
M!J!2%-0-HL1PW4H*

`8U4/HD=.]4HJDD=C/J*QCUC+.FLL!E=Q






MVRG0UY?F(IUC-:


4FO$[7VNUNR;/L'1?9*T?$Q;OM/(










0C`S]//&H+]);

G[IK&MD=.X<@V!@A6



&O5939P;$PD'

60;C2!;V:G5;/-%KFP)N*
[6`(P!/0_R
H+9
;\E$$*AT42ZV
M\

Z4VBH6T(L@8NFB8M9^WC!ZSHX5.IV312P..J.QX*5L0!+
G1*X2!%6X41FW9<FA%$*UT

















0JD;#DH*FN61RJ86+@/6
6F%9.=&/3K.-DOE```'[A+V%

OZ_3+.OVR

M-

?C`MK\1BS?4A
,7S?!R:M[G/SM^Q8AL0$BM


M



^

X^I@%-;3/_W

-`_=\\:)GA6
#BEW&0:!`!(I%T)1D?+IS&
:
MW]0F;[L=OQGLRD.K@M%E$E4/)
Y(]8H*

M]!/TNOPT4%#SHN*@%!5N/+UY3-^;?LRX.+7J?8-^')3(\3WT8+^H?JA!_DC]



*\8(8Q!?5#U4+K-P]8I*
M
THC@BCEB2P59[7`

Z
)!Z!G*L2!0TY3Y



D(@A2GFC.QBD?AO5J_]CMF
!JY%4-
M)




()'R

M

MJ!#QL'ODZZQ?'=*]Q

CQ(SUXK!2A-\M


MA%[;EH`M;F!`$51M0I)11L/-$E^C:9N_3
WJ?_SIPF_0
]5IH$`^@


0A`LN0A**I-+ID(`I4GHE0H

@6U

(I*5DPK@FCEB2KMR$ND:[CC`&+%J*;CM$;%CJVE`X,
M2,`)8(K*.(EB!#'+$VVJ3[U58UNC*[EV!7H06+_^J&6+T?J5U2E'(1AE/
ME&G)[D5GOK\6;FXZ+K`X8S&`!



`M3&A1P$1=7))1-!H/)$GFJ%9K=.3S2(





M@.6R3W.&0L-=3)!U%4I2)*
=0J3YS(


L0+6J:AZJ

MU6:41@Q5RA

M)L%`96H0P2@J5S&M&*J5)UX4U/;M.K6Y6:Z2P_
^L%R%]0/I-%J_H@+E$(FA
F5)X'
M=-%*CSDX!^

M6!`HOY


MYWDQ]P1E


O2B&HEH5$(JA5'GB4
[(&0S8P:`ZLV;0HU*BZH'T







MGO=T18

&
M`NJYR8-05*-\.C%4*D\

MQ5Q/#&C[OYC%A@[-6JOZ*E.L02LX60@(`7'`FJWSAJ
=0K3PRIN6DWIQWR



'M

MV%+5*[^Y=FUU=`[.;`LL6G[E4'D@;RM75)IAA'4^#_EB2=56\383G]O-,]S
MP7;T(+0HXS@M


C_T'/RXT&`=H`452J(DHQUI/C*H^
M(U^:!6=&OWCS
G047U@_U+
T4K^B\N00B:%


MAE@

M4.7?Y(E1#4=#\FUUZHZN9SK@*Z%C(*!F5_
@%%4HGTX




T8JA2


M*:AOZBZP'N-!H':ZXX

L@G+_+D]
J5'WV/I#6J9:*LVVK3*P9F
0@-3*0U!4IUPR
10J


T8JCR&E/ZK]\B[!&KEN=S[!2MI6M/

9N;3P36?MOWOV3TJ*
M[QYEM4V((4AOT\;:G5&&2O8D



:<N1-^<RHQED1C6X6OG<_Q0!P+X
M&1/Q'\+/F:B#$7K6_P@H=IY9O`;`\-'CGN!IO'#S`KKU&Z

M$2OB/6-@92^>!%





#'`(&/

)1ACR9Z$
M0BYURJYOT4_S(INZ=[3P'KYB+/AG

$'#9WH`HK]A;2A%6



[F(JS$V(!




)#R


:I=I


;_8C=$3$/@;;*9]=C^
K5+-FA_[V2+-Y?]\;<N
M6ZDW*3CG9SD<WKO'`$TV26'!


M]0]IU[2!8L'KEX.EOH9Y!.







4+Z#:&U(1!ME)&^^8D?HQUECNAG1
G/$

B
\3`OL]95^LW)8
'A9\\#45S278@0Q9[1OW4M2

M`DZ@B1#/*U0
H9Y$8^C

R.M\O=)2M=F(-)-`G@:8$*`923IYC*
MG2^O-=@YW0TW&J;GMK,EW!=&4&]3TLQ7*]RHP0EY/$D_?:.6&Y57:[$[OC
MRAMC4@037TS=3PN05[=R(N02F)/$D(^
$UB#8&5
O/JJ3J6$ZT69`#G4[7*
M*2],6TX2.=[M9Q`[1SO2.3/;K%QPI$
M8FF??)W


^




ML
H5PZDMXQB:\Y'8ZGK.VYK?ICOO%F1)7[`4;(`!%:_81U51NA-!])CIZR

E0WKQ8+$Q/GP



ML7*ZBU*7CY3O#_BYQ]:R

M!V+KH







M#&!X;W'P_?K.&M'\$8N#LZQ@:EB


M!4'S2


M

KUB4[P#%B(6RAA)&.LKB#I*

(]'?UR%BB%J`^!6D+2([)XO9888_)U7JI06U


)_F6J%_^R=KN=_
V003%7'X6'(FHOW%73-)SHG_$!




HX:-E+*
%1

E8F*`J.0X0

M/;&M.


MAM[CB

0O(7
!V3E9:`LR3M1L
MDV\MOTD/&

C!^Q+2YA*=D\6V(./Z;.R3'BRPXI[!OC1'?7&6

`H@A</HE9ZF/<[F$.0
<7CTW<`7`Q'(K`.7!?0MH\FA%W1)=-U.;!GWC'87-:#\3;@&$!












M.ZUMF9AN#MB)56]Q:-Z7&`$2$$747
`O(6P^U8@;;;QX!G9QO%D$8V=Q8DB8



^FX_+8J2./FH@!D89..(!?0]=<
MJG,R21O&_Z(G^?U&



'2^M=)HK

MHSML0`25P_@
!%5.=CW3K`#;XAYENSR=XO=

MJA$
$(4L!D-0


M[/7
&V_F!


M'6.SH)@`F7CZ&H8`6$YF/BTF
F7^Y3IT%-[4_JL]:J!BS3.`@@E7(A%!4I


MW8-EV^AMVJ6@-X7N&_&J!M+G3=6**O*6OGQ
LGG\WF

[@?%H-UV)Z.?I8#U&H






?Q!G%X*J&



MJU#(]S]X4VT,X&00V#)!@A3*2E9
*X)HY8D@
M$9L[^Q
K


(6-($@R09(4PBFI63N:.6)/+'O7O'CXS8H

-5WVN6E%-WM*'($)YHD][
M=K9U
E@*N:JTV(]'WI*5#(0D$!C@!25:QRU.*5)VIU60IC57O%$7F/%(T.


DPA@ACEB4*Q.VYW#0X[
M)MUR:]+?`ZLR`04PB2T/15&=DE%$*P\D:GBG!ZM^SXYQMSNT_0`O:0^%@-J
M,A\70U&I@A%$*H\$:F2
Z1_YH/FP=B=MU
&EFD


MH&W2?UEL#'Q-?0HDJ.0/

`


M763`F^--_P?3(05.I'


MR!,[N=RVN_0D/;CO5<LCC)B]$`0R;A\%452L(DH1QI/!
IK%#WZ=VE9E27Q
M:J#W6Q36#Q6_C]2OJ#HY1((4YZ($QUD\UBBP,G2.B>X))^WT)-*DV#@?%(^
MC*)J%=,*+]J_R1-I,ME9HVNTR!W:HB5*)1]8L;$84'LK

;`



R6@7ZESUCIM[1^9A9F
D-E7PY

3UVBN5
[B7Q9;ST'N)
M=WC-`G_/8$R



;$_K/Y!`B*3?VBAF$M`KE?LB7
M+SJY_Q+U&A.]QD2O,=%K3/0:$[W&1`JU9[O&).X%FL;G.I]<O[,<UUO9E4F
M/7I./!T+'3'BC.
A9B^G!'


W'NHEGS:Y;




T/],PF*-#AW`;H0-%TTE!`V6O
MF007&Y[:?

4G4B7C`JA;C*2[K&*+S
8/@.?/K7M5IF(8W;&W%


P&GDU:U::]\2#MU`5@RCQIF(E
M)7A+73YF03YB9\G8.%-K.L/S2.H]G@5@VCOIF(EM7=+73YF*CYBYZ@Q9QG7
M@LZ;:Y_Z*_&2
]#:0508K5U)*7)(S


CO+-GL%E642


).IL6.E/;G
M.[/7GWNP<^/B`$!$R@504J!\*A'$*4N@B7RLSVIE;TM/EH]%$_H1RJ\=ZMD9
MJEU)37)(1!D5-&D\J'2:4]V1J
`W6D25P\7-[JM7DE-\FA$F-4N2X1HVYNL




M2FHR2B&&&6)^E3K6Y8`@GX_T']Z]&@'5I1)(#B%((H*5(QI0ABE27J
QEU
MO$E@-6G';PH;[^%7#2+
4-5*RC%

M^
A2Q)77WMO&]L@EN+.&/?;1]M`&O9H







EB/
4%'4-T#F=#WFW^M&:8;6M?;+6


M/

4US*
V)SN]/V?XICNGAVOM
M^:Q`OQ=2KL




MJS=*:TYVLW_.[+
OM:?E]O3\:EKOF:L9DG83T(`E+$)37


_JU8VY7

+IR43#%52RB&$'
\D7SVK
=ZEQ*G6E@<L]U<$`RS?(SBRHW2BB!:^:)TS4;Y[9S7
M]-@BAVO;9A-K






M'G2T3HBGN*1CB$80MGQ1N^ZVUZ_4R($!8X'&*T\IM_V#Q8).$L3%4ES
`H(1
MAQ?)(]-H8W




MHY`
UH



B'@FO]
MW-)T:@Y+6%O'):!!K[00HFN92')(*6+UK'K-Z,_%U_-F7TY#]`#%HEPH3
M8T




MC.*C=**(%KYHGG-HUO9L+.=ON5B):D4H$![N2$4Q14;(15!L/)%\-C4O09;
MTC*AQ^AWUGT]W[@FDH+3PB*D6XV%55SCR;0CB%Z^*%^5?![0#YOI:5VR@'6



H*@

PTDL+1C(177=SS=*7+Y(WFQYIJ/TTFI;9


MMXV+I;B


JA4#0DRJC0(IK





M7Y1N:!7KD_VN.Z
'3/H/UHP((1#TO(@HD.+RY5&+(%[Y(G3
[Z_1;T/VL76H



4@


MJ/6Z@_
DWZ98*UEY@`!3H/0`A%<=U&2,50K'SQ
M/O:][;8)_G?-:\%#)K@&4G`Z4A$[/$@RHN[R3*,=0N7T!P=-H.FU:9'FP

ZQIN8Y2\BDC^5L)\%AC('PX!27N)AF








ULTT_=XFK4I*?;

M?.HQ5O?/&U[M&LG^B'T;9UZFV0IM`@=ZB*82BN&@CI&(H]AIC^Z_?(B02
MXY;DW.4,_6=+!'_G]02P,$%`````@`;U:/1IW!N&
6P``P\
%`!``'`!A
M;&XM
C`Q-#$R

28A/+'
M!AY_.9OZH])?9Y+GZWBHFS9&7\Z6R#O[[W_^]W_^_K]22:K:EF
:.AX@Z=%Q



M^@#
$&@$!:XQT+%IN[J!J1X?+J]^O_IP?05V-!'1OF&[5@V-]*GI?SG[
=5-


MG38-'_IKBF@S/EZL'H95L8WQU$IN]=!W+_RE@RZ@4@EJ$;EKNL-$VP0&GB%O


M]JE_T[*PU'$

6%SAFAD8(



!



M3.YJ=57JE;^5:2=

M98

QB$2&:


5VL'$E<.3L6-@VZ6I;#XU;@G6&GXL/&-


R&%

M1Q8@\X*





MW#V.(7PCOW
9&5P@!1LVTK&H7.2
AL#X[0YK9


M6$QN^X)`#?WXP=9EFFIN;%!CR?-)1U%$-CG=R8A4RSF(!LVVK%`7/1\@@`Y
MIX,*&1`^Q(,)[\=8CU^:$&`_+:G%S)%WKA8LUTB%I/;=Y)!.$;.1QJR3-!3

298'

M3B&PY
8RQ6V;+%PSD+



M/59;%H%)-Q8MFZ8]!RR1QN$;?#S9CA&+I*5SC+5

M_O


M\

M;WPH2UH)$V[`[0;TNA@?N59%Q]^[

MDJ2-*.$'Q_E!IFW2M+1LI./G5QE(T^6E`)D;Y.U[@[HCLM/MA[AQO/'9^;&=





AV+:I891D\S+KEP
.2

M



BZ-T!YNAGI5`S:
MJ;N-`VVLF0ZJ0;

M*R4O(DZ@S]_-[-P?7M$]8T!2)`QSZJ
A5P_#PY+M&\P`:RA/ZJV'(^$/O/[0
MF/JK^PX




M/T!POK#

)3


-U,W9I2$?CFX`S89REX3A=99&1.G

](F3!9QYK1#V.N+WW2KY*



J9I`=
OISY[A2J8\
TR;0^


EVZ/;IU]=D%RSYSAVP4-$R11UWUKM
M-6@9]8ZL;+4)ZDW=P03F(]W1%I`;U5-6/QGM!RX:LM0/[]U

MJ%=L
K)7M\

DBZW
MH
.:IZ
[;=W+

M_T

-UUYW%#(M\'MK=K8&.OM)`;V




MK#]Q@F504\YEI$\04E1[/MZ-%[1G&T]DJS^G=?


MQI

M
46UZ1
IO'-GH*DIRU8/'N5ATT0Q1;7IXCM=[
`3BSZB'1^F_^\&M7.9NJ:3
M6U2KKS(+GL)J_@O]`XK?A1;(P^9II!;6XG/;;RKWH6]Y+T\_.KG8.%%.4:TZ


M+5F]JX49]I7[6PLF/)-&+CN%B7**:E6+S&X:(UKGQKJO8`T4SL5-DP45U:ZD
M;`S?-0?4I%OZM
:0?



FUF_NE%]:C

MM


M^B.7';]M_H4U8Y




HCJE

M:@X%$'PS8

790DOSEZ6A=22H($IE3UTCDP

MQ;872_^4


M^*




GSZ]Z'W(;1&D6\
\CN&
+*E7Z6U-U3[#.(

MV[$/X_



M:K2]?BY?9CZ+*#AIN6K7%&:^3@
7&QC)&F8);G_2$3-




(!
M


MS%NF7?;0/G98J$*?G-+59#DJ:



M7+Q9#$5.*6PY*VE^V%3J'!7+@Q=3&!6Q_#&#8CB8L3#X+!!1M#%4T-%7(X

M\YV





M;^:R5%V(C[?W0SO494AR&-^^
)KB-Y;$+2H%!O/UU3F
[$;O_DA=G_O'SGR8
_;`^!I
;+W_7F
5I_D+T_;N)#_=0_%$\+I/MJ
MNVNDK[FC$73_1VG6;_I`OJKWYOGX[W
W%YMS(JS05;V17J8CL)AR]S4S]^\S

@11&R]G\\)?.4@T(+

ZT-.SCJ!BROW\NG:%6];52JC9325(X1NI'X^':@7I3%LYR['DTOF^0@B
MMAZ&VF:NU:
0?=C\%-(CZN)#'1M3#@

MURA?BK:I\T/3)N]T?GZ+Y&DOUSVK]
:=?@QIQ








GV-:&3.&XR-F
9G
7U


CF*;


M1

MV#AF2U2D6JBLN6M4YDPQ#U5LU$AN+N1J2;^W!8




M0$NT=N@&=]O8AG^ZT#)7'KB;0


#6Z;[*?ESX]_X





MH4`T2/2^@U^T8I&[V!


MM$CR*^_J?J..M%A6OM\TDE33[R%$\GXC8EI`2G
@2JK`0E1::`Y]X`R390!G
M]6[5];5$G'RX]GF`5
Q3F[F;0%HT^\1?=
AD7F\=!'

MCQ!5NY/KG`W@K.B6*1@Z'

X

M2Z4L

:\`













'V^O^N@.K+*W-A6
M9_2#[


!7I,X4$G`?:M\KX
MJ&87OHV@B2C3P.TS\\O/2:.K/CI12N

M7P






C


M=&X-B!=`J/$?I




3_

C[N71`8N;10GR5PM'TF#^6E\
M9(





MCS_HWL(BS^[

MTLF)0/-K+CBRH3U#(;SX)6U'.YS5U

M51/'Z7LRD`UU=_3=*KA&8`P:HTRVP$#WS]#XU#$;-3

M
MKPBM([$3Z9/`G=P3





'#2
_SYK

=3W%TK/?^
!KB,S(^]M(L
MO=[Z1YA]KPE$WJ%RT9$-X,YGUJK7HV*8]),`S5*!YSOOB,GDK2KH:TY*8U]
M`8L\2Q489.@.'Q^3EED9X+
\J8_Q*A:HD

%?L#+K)AVQ5G$]B.
MY?KS+O#S^P85G[)!&6TP^Z\:ZL]V@+#C-_AXV-2OY[C:V3!%$_KVEJEAZ@


EO*
M%
L1@G8Z*


M/F8F:27]4Y1IH8=)U


RLJ@&S27Q5
MH]'=
5E1OXO`F6+`L29B5U*A?6ME!

M`.PV



#


M\#!

/T2Z4'F_SV?T'QL9GV2@
MOD7^S@*0'A\X=A<E![4CW



R^O/H%-`E61NP.U&H
M%=6+@K#/SB`;N@_XD'Y:`&HN^R7PJ\77;/AIB,3+`#OH+?6Q4YRVZ]M^P-^
M.)\6@%HIEW4[G,

`LWH8-@`7@'?=/3$GBLG6K,H$TC9P%V)PJUHOJ;1^M'G?X<
MIZE^S&9,C#4W#:C:R^5NI7%]#&;L
\)0
TE'
L5]1G21F60S;2!G-75C2C4


MO_Q:'B@V'8+1Q7-\L_D2BHYD)#9=Z+#1%U+5&RHUX





M'

MD]O\.VTQN)B8VXXDW[4AZ]WMQF;XLXB_







MKF82A2'G&

L]69*0L]N^



A.2]KJX$D
ZJD`
QJ1QC'+ITS93%](PP[

MB[:9CUSFQ



UYZT,[(S2PY,NG7U'R;)AE&;E\SG=V/V

MST7
X^JNZBH?/K45(`@[M]_;T&#[23T

MOOVL%-23;3P\_!IZFU__QN`F49D
.=B5E:Z'MC*%]^0J;]7\U7!#%LOOR\3.


1Z:S9


+
MV@HU]82)S?O$ZJ6A/E`CSAB\E`R\KLQNLBYK!4V7QOA`C3ACI7('UO)FVF_W


*AQYC2A
M/D&Q-


M0X7LBPECWU`.

C3NW*5Z#-E$GJ?:5#)(PW0]DOX
A-R!;HAAM

MS#0#:


DE/AUMS$-B*M





MI;I5-7Z4AMR9





4V/WVS9
[Q/MZJK;(%#.Z\
TV.'R5J=$%[C


LB:?):TW67(%3`GSK]C.#L['I=6-%?:+









RX@/
'FY!!I'6J#%'

MCI^+M$X480*APVS?--O;GL6'%7!S.LO1(8KUVQ[`7]1'T$6%59ILS='/-JW
MM(CB==`S3/N1IV9)\V_[?44\WS?%B`(NX,68(6VS$5EZJ(G'RI$@C
8.KAL




-O=O=-?]H
32Q]JF1Q'Y#
ML7LNVJQ\A`8/'G?07*Q]:B2QTC9&?*\-5O/X1`L'B\+YQ%J3#UGTL$O!8-P
M\N(BK._,,4R-73;H56_!/%7]N-6R`OQR#HUBK45=J?&O.S#_JTBBM]KN]3(

8N-7+#G

!8MJ?+V8
MS;['7;)&K'UJ)-GFI8R*H.OQ
/;C/QUFV1!KGQK)-

2;=ZOE7-TZX6-;/%M





ME^(=&EAR3C;


#9-`S<*!=I4G3YEIJ7X`&J`<OM

MJ$N3/S]3OLNU0J047;YL






G+M.I&`!NBS9YC9L!EPTNAXT$APM7RO0I7DIC*XZ
`C7JZ&@VNT2KCY'\C0Y5IZ&(M?Q\EJE=&OLU3\<P&Z+!O?3T\PL
J
ML]


IM
05E8
FY9@]DZ'+]
MD=FS
B(G





Z[+JVDTL8EN9(T.49



+URJ$27

K=J7J--NVB3!

$MS@7@G090GOE;]:

#$T
3(S
5]P


 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerornVZFNineFZeroyPmFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFzQNineOnesFZeroVHTwor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroqFourfxKNEightVLXSSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerofvcsTmFourbsTwoCb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronbNXlDhxTwoxmb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTGThreeSbzBFourwTMb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOneWJThreeMXOneZOnewtNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQzzNineLmSThreeqZeroTEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerolxVJDCEightSevenNineNinerH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDDqXDSNineGkNsZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerosqcPlQQnrBGx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_LossFromWriteDownOfOtherReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToParentDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

					<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

					<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

							<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDTCzJcQSevenmDLq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOneThreeSevenDwfTPThreelLThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFOneVOnemNOneRRmyFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZeroOnelLFourVbKgNmJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroCyKrcTTzEightBMQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixJslTTJZerohZeroTwok'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroBPLTpTJFZyqc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNineyDZeroSixLwnVMFourFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWkPTSpPDtSfJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNinevFourHHVEightPkFTwox'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVtCtPPnbZSevenFiveN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZLfTVHJJXBSixT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDMZsmLTQTpPSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTwoQFivemFourTwoqySevenkkg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerocJcFJlnQVcTv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotNbFourFivelxNSixqnEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVPsDqtLvlsxC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJdRwLSixTwoMvdgm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQOnepFwmNineLdmkq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOnecEightVTLtpZeroHdSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJNZerorsTNKdTwoGJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroStFSevenhxqpFivevlTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroCsDpsJCpgmHm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerobCSixSFourxdtFiveCSixy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroxTQOneThreeFNineFivevqxn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOneQwzSevenXfkSlZn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTwoWTvSevenLbTPzsT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFWmdnEightFKThreexNined'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerodpFiveSixSevenSdCnMwFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroThreerCZeroThreeqtBXtxW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOneRKNineJFiveThreewdZeroHz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroxlMdlBGLXvDl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerowSevenNzTFourVEightNineSsq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFourTwodHSCZOneCTQr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOneWxSDLSixBnZeroMn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJqSixTnzCDMpTC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZeroMvOneThreelcPTwobVw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroChNineKssTwoEightzfxg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDlXZerohWMxTvEightS'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHWmPcWFourSixDhSf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerowJLwZerovhlqlLT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroLNineMTNineWfHZxhm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroCTyqvwxNTzWNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQmmSevenBmNinePcNineNineSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerorJSevenFouryWmGGwSg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenfqsTlBWPOnekK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerorSixfhWWVmFFiveZJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQxDgOneXEightKTwoCHH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroyCMWSevencFourBOnefnN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerofSevenwrqxhOneThreefFThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWHzLmDKgSixPTwoP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerollSevenPrSixFOnePJwQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerofThreeLcOneKvPpHSixr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerowMZeroxclhTworxJH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerobSNSixEightZSixTSevenqTOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixtVfKgmxyHcR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNineBREighttkTqQtZeroy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenkqPRNineFivewSHFZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerorLCrZerokddGkOnet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixFrpFivebkdEightFiveqx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfRevenueByGeographyZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerocSevenTRTNOneNNineDDs'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenflPTTFourTwolPEightd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronsFiveXzSevenNinedFHDd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDXTgXKFiveXThreebbB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerozSixKdSevenpScdVTwom'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQCpBDPKCNcSN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroqzRxcLsJMSixVx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerovBbEightKbJEightpZeroRJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTFZnlTSFourJDWr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ShareBasedCompensationZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroEightHkXfMSWhTQd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CurrentPortionLongTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeropHtNinexTwoynSixTDk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerozNmSixFourFSixMZGyw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroCEightqQfKQSgdgF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQwTwDbpLLOnePC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromQLmgOneOnefrvCv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroGrNbQLThreemmzdEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTJXThreeZhTfQWOneV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQBfTPRvNineGFRW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroLpgdmXfNineFhSixOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTQRZtTrfZFivetN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVtPFiveGFiveSixcSixMZQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerokSixFiveCtQbyEightlfG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTSeventZeroThreepgkdyCOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromTNBZeroEightfrylZeroSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDpMTwofEightTfyQCF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTwoPLXqzTwotgDFC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroyFnDhwNinewSHsH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroMEightKPlGQWBcnb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTheDifferencesBetweenTheStatutoryAndEffectiveTaxExpensesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTwoqWgOneLkZeroOneThreeJTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFivetFourxPOnesSixyTwoEightl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWsOneEightvrNrMzEightNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWSWkcThreemSixkRls'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixgFZylhnTwogQp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQzzwLhSCQlFiveW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerofChyzvhSThreecns'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohOneMRXHrTwoChTwom'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroEightnZeroGnLCGwLNineN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenQNQSixrxkHTGOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTCFiveEighttRhtOneZSixL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohzclgKbGSixqHv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTkPzTNQDSevenNineNineG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFiveEightLBWyFsvfSevenP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfOtherReceivablesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFSevenRTwoKvBFourSixtsp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroGFtTThreeHTSixJSixRF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXCFourhykwkOnezXSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerowdgnTwoltOnekTwoFivex'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroMTkGPVCLntCP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZeroCThreeLFivePMVKHrm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerokJZFivetFBTfNineQb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ContingenciesAndLitigationsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVRCsFhPGWFmThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOneQGWJvtQSevenNinexF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeronMPTwogTtmOneTwoFq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroGlRlTgrJSevencGFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTwobdFourcCzSdvBM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_TradeAccountsReceivableZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroBkMFiveLSixknxybF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_CapitalizationTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=center style=font-family: times new roman
times

                  <table border=1 cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

                  <table border=1 cellpadding=3 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareholdersEquityAndShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerovOneXDlThreeJJphtq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHgEighthtZrTwoZeroKVZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotRzdrNinexLBTSh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHfwgTFrVZOneSeveng'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroCVFFFTwoLKzKEightd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNNSnTZeropWTwoSixpJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroPFourrLTFivePNdHCy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDnDvVhpNineSixGNZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXKgxEightghNmVwSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroxJbwnNineNNWEightZV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeropGcHSXNineTDnLOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerolDEightZeroOneSixXBFOneZeroFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQmZTHvKOnesZnh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotFourkTwoXDSixvxXnq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZNineKrvSixlNNmPTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroxkZeroNinemThreeEightnEightOneThreeZ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroThreeSZTwoSeventzSevenOneKEightOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTwotGRQOneThreeszZqM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerocKSixmBJRwVyThreet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVknFourSZLDThreeSevenZeroR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVpQlCTwoMNbpLN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOneTdNinelcKZrpwEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroMSFbNineXBzKFNc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNinesEightTNineTTwocxTVC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromOneXFZWCxSTyQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroCKDNineFiveBQJmSixhF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromFourFfSevenHmQBnTSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNinegTwoTpSixZeroHThreedZerog'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTQSTwoTHLJsZOnel'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerosCtyZQsHCgBTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWqhTZrNWzvnv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromEightXtwNGSRswSeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerovNineqMFiveCwCRPwNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroyWCThreeMDFyVdyNine'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKlzFivesSevenJZLhwFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeropKNDHQysTwoSevenZeroH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroRbSevendGOneDThreeGnVr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZeroSixTpnhlSixSixKKM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotTHbPnGmXJrD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerozBTwoZvgZQvpSevenn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerorCMyyTQvPSqR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroGThreeVMJTwoBFiveBhXFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXNSixTHcFourwTfvQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroxVXqkZVvNhtF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOnePyvfmhOneVRHN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotvvmzrfXvFiveVFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroPySlHpKhDNinehn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTNKDLJxZeroRBmK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerocPXtmPBgSpJTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerogcEightyPJTTwonSixFours'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroBcxDzGqFourRSrf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroGmxFSevenPDntDrf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDvXrQmxZGHph'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerolSqdvyvhQWSixEight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroPNFoursxSixCrtCmX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerowdBxZSLDbJww'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXSsOneSFivefFourcSevenZeroF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroBMptNkZSevenyZeroZeroy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZSevenFLPZSevenZGRXOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeropSevenMkSDDWFHFourf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroGhPxDThreeHWkSevenNG'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJXBkXTmkKSixfv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFiveSixNineNFourEightpmgMHT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFOneFourSixDWQDbJTq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroBLkNOneNineHddFiveZk'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFPlThreeWThreeCDZfxV'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJEightszbknsEightFivefR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerobFourXptXEightbcTwoTW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFivemGOneCthThreeJVZeroT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroxFzshyzRhZZp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroEightHDnDThreeFiveMlwKp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroBcWyMhVLZeroFkT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromNDTFourxFourWcLtK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFTcCsPvFourZEightTwox'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFvxJdRZerozTlqq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenhOnekcxSevenVTQgl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFpFiveFdLvTwoJtgT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroRXXzsNxSVtThreeFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroEightRWtymFiveSixlcZOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSqPFourMfTwoQBVtSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKvKsrNWLEighttOnet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixCwyMfNineOnekFourLt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixFiveBZeroThreecFnzPXX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFourSixgwqbVZeroThreehwF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNinehhQFourLSevencSnQM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerofEightGSixLKkztTwoBt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerofKXVTThreehwFourBOneH'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTsMlTwoPGbvZerofm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZeroQHNineGwXTwosKwC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroXOneZeroHkSixzGRRCp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroQFourgcTwoFclZerowThreem'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroZDFTSzKmNineTKW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsAndOtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueToRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_PaymentsForThePurchaseOfLandUseRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_InterestReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHnpzwxNineptBFivex'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromFiveZsHXtnNineNLp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroDBySixSevenwlSNineDDP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerosshkrMBcwvMJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerostNineZerovZerocxsNineQX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFivefSevenTFgNineVMFiverz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKrHlLcTrXNqT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerobSixTTwoHHphSevenfSixl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOneFiveFiveVrVBOneTwoLOneM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroMwNineDSevencFourxcfOneZero'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerogZeroGwSixBGVJFTD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfTaxRatesForItsSubsidiariesZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroRsqFourlSixzqzPQh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivablesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

					<p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

							<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

							<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

						<td style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td align=left style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td align=left style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td align=left style=background-color: rgb(238
 238

						<td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

						<td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

						<td align=left style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

						<td align=right style=border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0

		<p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_NoncontrollingInterestsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroxTwosTwoSTwoCNineLTwoFc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_NoncontrollingInterestsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSevenytzCOneJZeroTwoOneqJ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfWarrantsAndOptionsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroVpnEightzzZeroryVzz'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfWarrantsAndOptionsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroFrFHEightSixOneTFiveROnez'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroPrGzTzDqhWFp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroqSevencFJSixPFiveFHEightt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJMTbvwVTKPzx'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOneBtTFiveNineHlTBqM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroCQwFiveyfwThreeZsFQ'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroThFNinespsFiveltVD'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTLyhNfnZeroxksp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroqtbpFourZSKvtxF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroEightTtSevenKGfwTFxL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroHvLltnNNPxxB'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTOneTDNineTsqNinelOneb'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNineZZThreebXgkcdkThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroKSevenEighthNineRSixkQrGP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerozkVtsOnePqXqpl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

          <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOneZerosqnXFivebBlThreeFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroWyTnTFivePwFEightxM'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroprQNOneqVrpVKn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromzZskTwoyGxfQl'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerosrTwoVkzXSevenZVxR'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroThreedKMNineSevenFourWEightCySeven'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroLTDLtNRNineFourbbP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroLWEightGThreeQZQqvVg'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroOneFourSevenLJTNXQtdF'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerofHTTpfRVSPJy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNinefKyFWdSixlBOneFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroNSQRmZyQZnlK'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromsQPfsPDKGWq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroJtsKWbKPgKKW'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerostvxLQHSQqKP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeromMdpRJDkBThreevq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerocfXDFiveFiveQHrKEightp'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroThreeSevenkSixydFiveWydZeroSix'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroBJEightSevenrpXqxFiveFourT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerotCxfFiveqrXSixSnL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTZcOneFourpbTbpRX'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroTSHQxRWShNsw'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohmThreeZerogLfpZNinehq'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroPvNSevenpFSevenxyHCr'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZerohpMKsfCvdcqN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroBOnecgyRSevendQZrThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroSixThreeTMFyNineFiveLcfN'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtZeroTwoSevenFiveNineThreeTwoFiveZeroqnVKbgSixfBZerohOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfNotesPayableAndDebenturesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_aln_ScheduleOfCurrentPortionsOfLongtermDebtTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

        <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

    <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

            <p align=justify style=font-family: times new roman
times

    <p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times new roman
times

              <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times new roman
times

